I am L.

He is L?

He is different from what I imagined.

I'm Detective Superintendent Souichirou of the NPA.

I'm Touta.

-I'm Shuuichi. -I'm Kanzou.

I'm Hirokazu.

I'm sorry that we're late.

-These five are our current... -Bang!

-What? -What do you think you're doing?

Mr. Souichirou Yagami, if I were Kira, you would be dead.

You are aware that all Kira needs is a face and a name, right?

Please don't let people know your name so easily.

We must value our lives.

I've heard about him needing a face, but I never heard anything about him needing a name.

The criminals whose names were not disclosed and the names that were broadcasted incorrectly were all safe.

It was discussed at the task force headquarters.

Don't just stand around and talk. Please come right this way.

Right, yes.

Switch off your cell phones, laptops and other electronic devices.

Place them on that table.

L, do you think we would make calls on our phones and leak the information to other parties?

Just follow his orders.

I know he is being careful, but...

I'm not sure if he trusts us or not.

That's not it.

I don't like to hear the sound of phones going off when I'm talking to people.

Let me begin by saying, please don't jot down anything we say here.

Please memorize all of it.

Please, sit anywhere you like.

Okay.

L.

From now on, I don't want you to call me L, but Ryuzaki.

For precaution.

All right, Ryuzaki.

If you know that the crime requires a face and a name, then why don't we reduce the number of victims by censoring the crime reports?

If I do that, civilians would be k*lled.

-Civilians? -Why?

Kira is childish and he doesn't like losing.

Childish?

He doesn't like losing?

Yes.

I'm childish and I don't like losing either.

That's why I know.

Ryuzaki.

Could you elaborate on that?

When I challenged Kira on television...

Until then, we thought he was only k*lling criminals.

But he didn't think twice about k*lling my double.

Also, when I said he was hiding in the Kanto region, he began to draw his victims from Japan, as if he was saying, "So what if I am?"

He had faced each of my challenges without flinching.

What would be the outcome if we enforce media censorship to hide criminals from someone like him?

Well...

"If you won't surrender your criminals, I'll k*ll those petty crimes offenders or even the innocent ones!"

The people in this world are my hostages!

I'm not the bad man.

Those who are against me and those who hide the criminals are the bad ones!"

These are the things that are on Kira's mind.

Let's make good use of the media.

Any ideas?

Let's see.

"The deaths of the FBI agents angered the U.S citizens.

The whole world is furious at Kira, and there are 1,500 investigators from leading nations coming to Japan."

It would be nothing like the time when he had to deal with the FBI.

He would start to see every person as a thr*at.

If he can't stand it anymore, it would have repercussions.

That's intriguing.

There are 1,500 of them instead of the actual group of seven?

Unlike the FBI, they don't exist and they can't be k*lled!

This could work!

If that's the case, I'll tell you what I think.

Kira works independently.

He went through the files from the investigation before.

What makes you think he works alone?

Shuuichi, wait.

Let Ryuzaki explain his theory first.

Kira needs to know the person's name and face in order to k*ll him.

He can even control the victim's time of death and the moments before death.

When we think about these factors...

Please pay attention to the following.

On December 14th, twelve FBI agents entered Japan.

On December 19th, Kira started to use prisoners to carry out tests that focuses on the actions that the victims can take before death.

In other words, during this five-day period, Kira felt threatened when he realized that the FBI is involved in this.

Since he didn't know their faces or names, in order to k*ll all of the FBI agents, he wanted to see how far he could control their deaths.

Finally, on December 27th...

When he made sure the FBI agents received the file with all the names and faces of the other agents, I managed to k*ll all of them.

It is almost impossible to figure out whose files Kira saw.

But...

I can't let people know that I made contact with Raye Penber.

Bus What? You're not using the Death Note today?

Are you studying for the entrance exams?

It would be pointless to study at this point.

So what is it then?

I worked the most between December 19 and 27.

Within this time, a total of 23 people d*ed of heart att*cks as we all know.

They were mostly wanted criminals, ex-convicts and also crime suspects.

These people are nothing like those that were usually targeted by Kira.

Indeed.

So in order to k*ll the FBI agents, he needed to control those people who commit petty crimes.

He k*lled 23 people, so we're not sure who was used by him.

He probably used only a few.

He left eight days after the tests to allow the FBI to gather information on other suspects.

Just to draw the attention away from himself.

So I suspect Kira was one of the people who was being investigated by the FBI between the 14th and the 19th.

This is data from the FBI.

It has other important information.

Don't take it out of this room, but...

This is amazing!

If we have enough information, we can do more than enough on our own.

Let's have two research teams.

One for the FBI agents and one for the heart att*ck victims.

Only a few people were able to get the information on whom the FBI was investigating during their first five days from the headquarters.

Yes.

Well, do any of you have any questions?

Well, Ryuzaki, I have something to ask.

Earlier on, you said that you hate to lose.

But you've shown your face to us.

Don't you think you've already lost to Kira?

That's right.

I've shown my face to all of you and sacrificed 12 FBI agents. Obviously, it's my loss.

But eventually, I will win.

This is the first time I've put my life on the line.

Let's show Kira that we're willing to put our lives at stake.

Because justice will definitely be served.

-That's right. -Justice will be served!

Let's do our best!

Let's do this, Ryuzaki!

When I first met him, I was skeptical, but...

There's no mistake.

This man is L.

In order to make sure that Kira isn't one of us, I would like to talk to each of you in private.

What? All right.

So does he trust us?

It's understandable.

If Kira is gathering information from headquarters from the start, he could be here.

I get it!

Since we're sticking to the case, we've seen Ryuzaki's face.

This could be a risk?

Things are going well so far.

If there's only one more thing...

Just one more obvious clue.

If only there's just one thing I missed...

Just one piece of evidence that I could find.

Then my life could be at risk.

-Just one thing... -Just one thing...

Have you finished studying?

Yes.

It's all right. I didn't miss anything.

My biggest bet was the bus hijacking incident, but...

It is tough to connect Kira to it.

The police and I don't know that Kira can k*ll people with ways other than heart att*cks.

But if anyone were to find out about it, it would be an issue for me.

What? Right now?

Your dad stayed overnight. He needs clean clothes.

You have to give this to him.

I have to go to the first New Year's Shrine Visit with my friends!

I'll go.

I could use a break.

How lucky! Thank you, Light!

That means you can spy on the Police Department.

I could only go as far as the receptionist's desk though.

You're taking a page with you?

Are you planning to k*ll someone?

Lately, I've been doing this when I go out.

Just in case.

That day, Raye said that he was heading to Shinjuku.

On that same day, four people had heart att*cks in the Shinjuku area and a bus was h*jacked.

It's not a coincidence.

Kira...

NATIONAL POLICE AGENCY AND PUBLIC SAFETY COMMISSION

He can k*ll using other ways, not just by heart att*cks.

The number you have just dialed...

That's unusual for Dad.

I wonder if he has an important meeting.

Please help me!

I need to speak directly with someone from the task force.

I've told you already.

Right now, there is no one in the Kira Task Force Headquarters.

There's no one in there?

Dad's phone is off. What's going on?

Is there any way I can reach them?

It's regarding the Kira case and it's important.

The Kira case?

Well, I'll try to get a hold of their headquarters again.

I'm Detective Superintendent Souichirou Yagami's son, Light.

I brought my dad's clothes, but since he's not here, could you pass these to him?

Sure. I haven't seen you in a while, Light.

Sorry, but I...

Don't you remember?

We cracked the insurance m*rder case using your advice.


Back then, I was also the receptionist.

Really, I'm sorry.

I just have to write my name here, right?

Are you going to assist with the Kira case?

Yes. If it goes well, I may be able to b*at L.

b*at L?

Nobody is present at their headquarters.

Please trust me on this.

I'll be sure to give your message to them.

No. It must be in person.

Excuse me.

My dad is leading the Kira investigation.

Do you want me to give the message?

His cell phone is off, so I can't tell him right away.

But they might be preoccupied.

Some FBI agents were k*lled and a lot of detectives quit the case because they were scared of Kira.

Light, you shouldn't tell anyone about it.

People are already talking about it.

Besides, this person is reliable.

Her eyes say it all.

She is a wise and cautious person.

You've heard about the FBI case and you know that there's an issue with the Japanese police force.

That explains why you want to consult the headquarters.

Am I right?

My dad will probably call me once he reads my message.

You can talk to him when that time comes.

Is it okay?

Yes.

I can't give you my dad's number, but I can lend you my phone.

Of course, it would be pointless if you don't trust the both of us...

Why are you so cheerful?

I'll leave it to you.

You've led her along well, Light.

That's pretty brave of you.

To get yourself involved in the Kira case.

Not at all.

In your opinion, Kira is...

Right. May I know your name?

My name is Light Yagami.

Light as in the character for "moon," and Yagami as in "night god."

Isn't that a strange name?

I'm Shoko Maki.

Shoko for "shining child" and Maki as in "space" and "tree."

Ms. Maki, right?

Ms. Maki.

In my opinion, Kira could control his victims before he kills them.

That's what I thought too!

That's exactly what I thought!

Kira can control the actions of a person before death.

That's not all.

If my observation is correct, Kira can also k*ll people in other ways, not just heart att*cks.

Who is this woman?

I don't think people have noticed it yet, but I think this theory will help us catch Kira.

I never even thought of that.

But if that's the case, Kira would make sure not to use heart att*cks when he plans on keeping a m*rder a secret.

Yes.

Someone I know may have met Kira.

Really?

Sorry.

The police would find it hard to believe if someone had met Kira.

Yes. That's why I have to explain it to someone from the task force headquarters.

But wouldn't it be better if that person met them instead?

That person is already dead.

He was one of the FBI agents who came to Japan.

An FBI agent who had met Kira...

Could it be?

He was also my fiancé.

He said he witnessed an incident where a bus was h*jacked.

He probably met Kira on that bus.

Raye Penber!

What's the matter?

Nothing. I'm sorry to hear about your fiancé.

So, what makes you think he had met Kira before?

Eight days after the bus was h*jacked, he and the other FBI agents d*ed.

That hijacker robbed a bank two days earlier.

He got into an accident and d*ed.

It was an unusual and rare set of events.

The hijacking was a set up by Kira to steal information from my fiancé in order to k*ll the FBI agents who had come to Japan.

The hijacker d*ed in an accident.

Basically, Kira can k*ll in other ways apart from heart att*cks.

The hijacker didn't die of a heart att*ck.

So is that why you think Kira can k*ll by other means?

Yes.

I think that's a bit of a leap.

No, it's not.

I can't help but think that the hijacker was being controlled by Kira.

Why?

I've been wondering about the hijacking ever since my fiancé told me about it.

I asked him about it more when he was composed.

He didn't mention the names, but he did tell me this.

What did he say?

That he unwillingly showed his FBI ID to someone.

The FBI hides this top-secret case from the Japanese police.

He wasn't supposed to show his ID.

So whoever saw his ID was the one who told them that the FBI was in Japan.

She sure knows what she is talking about!

Light must be worrying about this oversight!

I see.

You came to the conclusion using your own knowledge and you're seeking justice for your fiancé.

You think Kira can k*ll his victims by other means, besides heart att*cks.

Yes.

Your deductive skills are amazing, but there are personal interests.

Your argument seems a bit contrived.

However, investigating this theory would be worth it.

Your testimony will be crucial to the case.

Yes.

If your statement is correct, they will catch Kira soon.

Because... your fiancé actually showed his ID to Kira on that bus.

Yes.

That was close.

If this woman had spoken to the police before I got to her...

But there is a god other than a Shinigami who might be on my side.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW I want to see how this woman dies, but I have to follow her secretly.

Now, hurry up and die.