The human whose name is written in this note shall die.

Please!

-Stop! -Now, let's see what happens!

The Death Note is real!

Don't assume that any human who have used the Death Note can go to Heaven or Hell.

I want to let the world know of my existence!

And that there's someone who can and will pass the judgment on them!

I will become the god of this new world!

I have no idea what's in his mind, so I'm done with him.

Really? Then what happened with that other older guy?

Light.

Can you please translate the sentence into Japanese.

All right.

When he finally made his dream a reality, he was overwhelmed by his achievement and the happiness it brought him.

Well done.

As usual, a perfect answer from Light.

But I'm not surprised at all.

Well then, we are done for today.

-I'm glad it's over. -Where are you going after this?

-School is so boring. -Where should we go?

Hey, Light!

Light, are you listening to me?

Don't talk to me.

Unlike you, people can still hear me when I talk.

You're so boring.

Hey, Light! We're going to go...

Sorry, I have things to do.

You have nothing to do.

Aren't you just going home like usual?

What are you talking about? I do have things to do.

Something very important.

Yamada is suspected of stabbing a fellow worker in the stomach at a restaurant in Kabukicho, Shinjuku, yesterday.

The Kn*fe belongs to the restaurant and was roughly 12 inches long.

-The suspect said the man was rude. -Hey!

-So he just lost it. -Hey, Light.

What?

You're working so hard.

I can't afford to waste any time.

The amount of time I have to write names in the notebook is limited from when I get home and until I go to bed.

I need to maintain my grades.

So I can't sleep in class.

I have to do both my homework for school and prep classes.

Besides, losing sleep is dangerous.

It affects my health and concentration.

Since I'm trying to change this world into a purer place, there will never be enough time.

Light, why is your door locked?

It's Sayu.

What is it?

Please help me with my homework.

All right.

It's regarding quadratic equations!

Sorry to disturb while you're studying.

But I just don't understand.

Help me, please!

Okay.

Be careful, Light.

If anyone touches the notebook in your drawer, they will be able to see me.

He waited until now to tell me that crucial detail?

Damn you, Shinigami!

What's wrong, Light?

It's nothing.

So, which part don't you understand?

Well...

I guess all of it.

There have been 52 deaths that we're aware of for this past week.

All of them involved heart att*cks.

They are wanted criminals and prisoners.

There may be other deaths of criminals that are still unaccounted for.

So the death toll could easily be over 100?

We've already started, Chief!

That's fine. I received a call from headquarters.

But they were all criminals who will be ex*cuted sooner or later.

Why should we care?

Idiot!

It doesn't matter whether they are criminals or on death row.

k*lling is considered m*rder.

We can't even confirm that they were m*rder*d.

Is it possible to have over 100 people have heart att*cks at the same time?

It is obviously m*rder.

How can those people be k*lled at the same time?

We believe that these killings are being orchestrated by a large organization.

If a large organization is involved, then the FBI or CIA must be involved.

I dare you to say it again!

Excuse me. Let's stop joking around.

Firstly, we have to clarify if these are murders or strange coincidences.

But the autopsy reports have already stated that the deaths were caused by inexplainable heart att*cks.

Investigating a series of heart att*cks is pointless.

That's true!

It would be worth investigating if they were stabbed with knives!

Then, we should just have L to solve this!

How?

Chief, what is "L"?

This is your first time here at this conference, right?

Nobody knows L's name, location or what he looks like.

But he solved every case he's taken, no matter how hard it is.

He has solved countless mysterious cases all over the world.

He is our secret w*apon, our Tr*mp card.

He is our last hope.

That sums him up.

But isn't L arrogant? He only takes cases that interest him.

That's true.

We don't even know how to contact him.

L is already on the move.

L has started investigating this case.

Watari.

Watari?

He's the only one who can contact L.

Nobody knows Watari's identity either.

Please be quiet.

L will speak now.

Members of the ICPO. l am L.

What are we doing sneaking around in this isolated place, Light?

Anyone who touches the Death Note can see you, right?

I can't risk walking around with something this dangerous.

Up until now, I've been thinking that if my family saw the notebook, I can pass it off by saying it's a record of cases which I'm using now to study to become a detective.

But I'm walking a thin line right now.

If I'm not careful enough, I might end up k*lling my own family.

This case is hard as it involves more people than any other case.

It is also an atrocious case of serial m*rder that I will never forgive.

In order to solve this case, I would need the ICPO members...

No, all the organizations to fully cooperate with me.

At this conference, I want you to decide whether you'll support me.

Other than that, I strongly desire the Japanese Police to work with me.

Japan? Why?

No matter how many suspects are there, the possibility that they are Japanese is very high.

Even if they aren't Japanese, it's likely that they are in Japan.

On what grounds is this theory based on?

Why is it Japan?

I think I can show you very soon when I confront the perpetrator.

A direct confrontation?

In any case, I would like set up the headquarter in Japan.

That was easier than I thought.

Did you manage to hide the notebook?

Yes, in this drawer.

Can it be considered as a hiding place?

You left the key over there.

That's okay.

It's better that way. I intentionally left the key in a noticeable place.

It's just a normal diary!

Most people will likely have their curiosity satisfied after reading this diary.

However...

This is the real key.

There's nothing suspicious about having it on my desk.

It's just a regular ballpoint pen.

All I need is this part.

Is that the key?

Yes. if you look closely, you'll find a small hole on the back of the drawer.

You insert this into the hole.

I see. It's a fake base.

Well, combined with the fake diary, now I doubt anyone will find it.

It doesn't end there.

Even if they found the fake base, there's no way they can take the notebook.

As you can see, this ink cartridge act as an insulator.

It will stop the flow of electricity in the circuit.

When the fake base of the drawer is closed, this piece of rubber will also stop the flow of electricity.

But, if someone were to force open the fake base, the gasoline in this thin plastic bag will ignite at that time and the notebook will instantly incinerate.

All the evidence will be destroyed.

That's how I set it up.

If they ask about it, I'll just tell them I didn't want anyone to read my diary.

It's a believable excuse since it is a human nature to hide diary.

I've heard that the biggest problem humans have with a Death Note is to find a good place to hide it.

But you're probably the first one to go this far, Light.

But that setup is pretty dangerous.

You could be badly b*rned if you make the slightest mistake.

Dangerous?

You're telling jokes again, Ryuk.

I know it was dangerous from the start.

From the minute I found Death Note.

This is hardly dangerous compared to that.

In fact, it's the contrary. It protects me.

A little house fire or a death sentence?

Which do you think is better?

Last night, in Tokyo West Penitentiary, Naoki Kurotsukayama, age 32, previously convicted for armed robbery has been reported to have d*ed of a sudden heart att*ck.

The sudden situation of prisoners dying seems to be continuing...

This is incredible. Bad people keep dying.

It's a little creepy, but it does feel exhilarating.

But I guess we really can't do anything bad now.

I wouldn't be surprised if the police are behind it.

The police don't have that kind of power.

Don't you know who it is?

What?

It's Kira.

I wonder who's going to be k*lled next.

Kira, k*ll everyone.

SEND MESSAGE?

Rococo: Kira, k*ll them.

Check this out, Ryuk.

Websites have been created.

"The legend of Kira, the savior."

That sounds cool. Is this about you?

Yes. "Kira" seems to come from the English word "k*ller."

I don't really like it, but the world recognizes me as Kira.

If I search the word "Kira," countless sites appear.

In television and newspapers, it is reported as "a succession of mysterious deaths among the criminals."

But the people of this world have started to be aware of it.

The existence of someone passing judgment in the name of justice.

Humans are like that, Ryuk.

As an example, there's no way that anyone would ask whether k*lling bad people is right or wrong at school.

But if someone were to bring it up, everyone would act holier-than-thou.

"That's wrong!"

That's the type of answer they'll give.

Certainly, it's the right thing to say.


Humans always seek to maintain appearance in public.

But this is their true feelings.

Even if they are afraid or won't acknowledge my existence publicly, they can hide behind the anonymity of the internet.

The support for Kira is growing.

They don't have to say it, but they all understand.

Someone is erasing the bad guys from this world.

The innocent ones are cheering for Kira in their hearts while the guilty ones are hiding in fear upon the judgment that they will receive.

It's impeccable.

Everything is going perfectly as planned.

THE PROGRAM IS INTERRUPTED FOR A SPECIAL BROADCAST Apologies for the interruption as we will bring you a special and live worldwide broadcast from the ICPO, Interpol.

What is this?

Interpol?

We'll begin now.

I am the only one who can mobilize the entire world's police force, Lind L. Tailor.

And also known as L.

Who is this guy?

It's starting now.

He's never shown his face before, right?

So why now?

I guess it means L is serious.

So, L...

We have followed what you told us to do.

Now, it's time for you to prove what you said at the ICPO conference.

Criminals around the world are being m*rder*d by a serial k*ller.

This is the most gruesome act of m*rder in history and it will be punished.

I will definitely catch the person responsible for this who is known as Kira.

He said that he'll definitely catch you.

Idiot. He can never catch me.

It's a Death Note!

As long as they don't have this, there's no evidence.

It's impossible to catch me.

I anticipated that the police would get involved and someone like him would appear.

Kira, I can guess your motive and why you're doing this.

But what you're doing is evil!

I am evil?

I am justice!

I'm saving the weak from evil.

I'm the one who will become the god of the new and ideal world!

Those who try to oppose God are the true evil!

I can't believe that you are a fool, L.

This could've been more fun if you'd been a little smarter.

The entire world is watching to see what happens if anyone mocks me, L.

Five seconds.

Four.

Three.

Two.

One.

What's the matter? Why don't you say anything?

I can't believe it.

I had to test it to be sure.

Who would have thought it could be true?

Kira.

It seems you can k*ll people without having to be there in person.

I couldn't believe it before witnessing it with my own eyes.

Kira, listen to me.

If you indeed k*lled the man on screen, Lind L. Tailor, you just k*lled a man who was due to be ex*cuted today.

That was not me.

What?

This criminal was captured by the police secretly.

You wouldn't have heard of him on television or the internet.

It looks like even you couldn't get information on him.

He definitely got you.

But L certainly does exist!

So now, try and k*ll me!

Bastard...

-What's the matter? Go on! -What the hell is going on?

-Hurry up! k*ll me! -Are you trying to k*ll yourself, L?

-What's going on? -L is mocking Kira!

It's a live m*rder!

-Come on! -This is scary!

Try and k*ll me!

What's the matter? Can't you do it?

It seems like you can't k*ll me.

So, there are certain people that you can't k*ll.

You've given me a nice hint.

I'll tell you something good as a reward.

We lied about this being a live broadcast worldwide.

It is only being broadcasted in the Kanto region of Japan.

I planned to broadcast this at different areas and times, but it seems like I no longer need to.

I now know that you are in Kanto.

This L guy is pretty awesome.

Your first victim was the phantom k*ller in Shinjuku.

The police overlooked this case because it was a small incident.

Of all the high-profile criminals who d*ed of heart att*cks, his crime was the least serious.

In addition, the incident was only reported within Japan.

I can deduce this much from the information I have.

It means that you are in Japan and your first victim was a guinea pig.

We made the first announcement in Kanto due to its large population.

We are lucky that we found you here.

To be honest, I never thought it would go this well.

Kira, it presumably won't be too long before I can sentence you to death.

L certainly lives up to his reputation.

Yes. He has proved Kira's existence, the nature of his crime and that he is in Japan.

Kira, I'm curious on how you commit the murders.

However, I'll uncover that when I catch you.

We will meet again, Kira.

He's going to sentence me to death?

Interesting. I'll accept the challenge.

Both of them are trying to hunt each other down.

But neither of them know each other's name or face.

And the first one to be discovered will die!

Humans are very interesting!

L...

Kira...

-I will hunt you down and finish you! -I will hunt you down and finish you!

-I am... -l am...

-justice! -justice!

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW I'm not the one who's going to find L.

The police will do that.

And when they do, I'll erase him.

Looks like I'll able to provide Ryuk with a little more entertainment.