Members of the ICPO. I am L.

No matter how many suspects there are, the possibility that they are Japanese is very high.

Kira, I can guess your motive and why you're doing this.

But what you're doing is evil!

Bastard...

Try and k*ll me!

-I am justice! -What the hell is going on?

-I'm saving the weak from evil. -This is unreal!

I'm the one who will become the god of the new and ideal world!

L...

Kira...

-I will hunt you down and finish you! -I will hunt you down and finish you!

-I am... -l am...

-justice! -justice!

SERIAL m*rder INVESTIGATIONS So, let's start with the tip line report.

All right.

At the moment, we received 3,029 reports about the murders via phone calls and e-mails.

Unfortunately, most of it seems to be prank calls.

But there are 14 who claimed that they know or have seen Kira.

Each account has been followed up and documented thoroughly.

But no one could provide information that wasn't available publicly.

There are also 21 people claiming to be Kira.

We didn't want to rule anything out.

Thus, the record of all 21 of them have been filed.

All right.

-Moving on to the victims. -Yes.

Upon further investigation, we have confirmed that information of the victims that d*ed of a heart att*ck was publicly available in Japan preceding to their deaths.

In addition, we have investigated the times of death for each victim following L's request.

It's found that they occurred between 4 p.m. to 2 a.m. on weekdays.

Around 68% of them occurred between 8:00 p.m. and 12:00 a.m.

Furthermore, the peak is on weekends and holidays.

They may occur at any time.

That information is extremely interesting.

Based on the times of death, our culprit may be a student.

There are other facts to support this theory.

The culprits are probably motivated by their own idealistic sense of justice.

They might plan to become a god.

We may be dealing with someone who has a very childish mentality.

No way...

Of course, this is just a mere possibility.

But please get rid of the preconceptions that the culprit couldn't be a student.

The shortest route in arresting Kira is to consider various possibilities.

Please continue the investigation report.

All right.

Is there anything else?

Yes.

What is it, Touta?

I'm not saying this to support Kira's actions, but in the last few days throughout the world and especially here in Japan, the number of violent crimes more serious than robbery has dramatically decreased.

Well...

I guess that is expected.

Anything else?

So L, that concludes our investigation report for today.

Good work, everyone.

I feel as if we're one step closer in finding the culprit.

Also, I'd like to make another request.

I want the teams that are investigating the victims, news and internet to double check regarding how the victims' information were released publicly in Japan.

In particular, I want to know whether pictures of the victims' faces were shown.

I will leave it to you.

-Chief. -Yes?

You seem pretty tired.

Thank you.

I've been pulling all-nighters lately and it's taking a toll on me.

Now that I think about it, everyone knows that crime has been dropping drastically.

I'm sorry.

What are you talking about?

You should continue to speak the truth, especially when it's something that is not easy to say.

In fact, if you had said that we should commend Kira for reducing the crime rates, then that might have been a problem.

No way! That would never happen!

It was a joke.

I knew I could count on you, Light!

So, do you understand everything?

I guess so.

I think Dad is home.

Welcome home, dear.

He's back early today!

Hey! Why don't you try to figure out the last problem by yourself?

I will do so after dinner!

Goodness...

You seemed so relaxed helping your little sister with her homework.

Yes. I'm confident that I have something as an advantage against the police even if they were to come after me.

Welcome home, Dad.

It's good to be home.

How are your studies going, Light?

Everything is good.

He's top of the year, same as always.

I'm so proud of my big brother!

I'm so proud of my son!

You seem tired, Dad.

Right...

I'm not allowed to tell you any details, but this case is very difficult.

I see...

Your dad is with the police force.

So that must be the reason why you're so confident.

Yes.

I can hack into my dad's computer without leaving a trace.

I can always get the information regarding the investigation.

Here we go.

It seems like the police are beginning to suspect that the culprit is a student.

I think you're in trouble, Light.

If the cause of death is written within 40 seconds of writing the person's name, it will happen.

If the cause of death is not specified, the person will die of a heart att*ck.

After writing the cause of death, details of death should be written in the next six minutes and 40 seconds.

Is that right, Ryuk?

Why do you ask?

It means that if I write "heart att*ck" as the cause of death, then I'll be able to write down the details of death.

Looks like I'll be able to provide you with a little more entertainment, Ryuk.

Number 148, what's going on?

Pull yourself together!

What?

There were 23 victims yesterday?

That's right.

There were another 23 victims the day before that too.

One every hour...

The fact that it has occurred for over two weekdays straight...

The theory of the culprit could be a student has become doubtful.

But anyone could skip school for two days...

That's not the point!

It's true that the culprit is less likely to be a student now.

But that's not what Kira is trying to say!

Why is it one every hour?

And why are all the victims in prisons, where they can be discovered immediately?

Kira is trying to tell us that he can control the time of death freely.

But something is not right...

As soon as the possibility that Kira is a student was put forward, the timing of the murders changed as if to oppose our theory.

Is it a coincidence?

But the timing is too convenient.

Does that mean Kira has access to police information?

It is clearly a direct challenge from him!

I think that L is probably panicking by now.

I still have 50 criminals left alive for times like this.

L should be beginning to suspect someone involved with the police right now.

Kira has a way to obtain information from the task force headquarters.

This fact can't be ignored.

What is Kira's final objective?

What is he trying to do?

I don't understand.

By getting rid of the student theory, aren't you at a bigger disadvantage if L suspects you're connected to the police?

My reason is to find L and k*ll him.

What do you mean?

In human society, there are very few people who actually trust each other.

Well, even among the police force.

Especially L and the police force.

They don't trust each other at all.

Could you trust someone whose name and face are unknown to you?

When L discovers that I know the information from the investigation, he's bound to search for leads on me that starts within the police force.

When that happens, it's only a matter of time before the police become furious.

On the surface, L and the police seem to be working together to catch me.

But in reality, L is starting to investigate the police and the police will be investigating L.

I'm not the one who's going to find L.

The police will do that.

And when they do, I'll erase him.

SERIAL m*rder INVESTIGATIONS What are these?

LETTER OF RESIGNATION As you can see, these are our letters of resignation.

Please transfer us to a different case.

We'll leave the police force if you can't.

But why?

Why? Because we value our lives.

By L's deduction, Kira can k*ll people through some kind of power indirectly, right?

If I were Kira, I would try to k*ll anyone who is trying to catch me.

After all, he'll be ex*cuted if he gets caught.

Earlier, L challenged Kira on television to try to k*ll him.

But L has never revealed his face or his name.

Just recently, L ordered us to check whether the victims' faces and names were publicly released in Japan.

That's true.

Every single victim had their faces shown in Japan.

Unlike someone we know, we carry investigations while wearing our IDs attached with our name and photo.

We don't hide our faces, we're out in the open!

Kira could k*ll us anytime.

This is why we wish to be removed from this case.

Please excuse us.

Hey! You!

Hold on.


Here's the solution to this problem.

Take x squared equals to large x.

You can think of large x's quadratic equation as the multiple of two integers.

FBI agents arrived in Japan four days ago.

They have begun investigating the police involved.

This is the list, isn't it?

Right.

Within the police force, about 141 have access to the classified information on Kira's investigation.

But within the 141 people or someone close to them...

Kira is definitely among them!

SOICHIRO YAGAMI, DETECTIVE SUPERINTENDENT LIGHT YAGAMI, HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT Hey, Light. Can I talk to you?

I told you not to talk to me as much as possible when we're outside.

Don't you understand?

Well then, I'll just talk to you.

Just cover your ears if you don't want to listen.

I have nothing against you, Light.

I think the notebook was found by the right person.

I have to stay with you until the notebook or you are finished.

But, I'm not on your side or L's side.

I know that much already, Ryuk.

That's why I'll never say that what you're doing is right or wrong.

But I have a few things to say as your roommate.

What is it, Ryuk?

Why are you saying this all of a sudden?

It's not like you.

What I'm about to say is not because I'm an ally of Kira, but this is creeping me out.

Stop b*ating around the bush.

There is someone following you.

It's getting on my nerves.

Although he can't see me, it feels like I'm being watched because I always follow you.

That's a problem.

I'll have to get rid of him soon, Ryuk.

Who is he?

Has L started to suspect the police?

He will need quite a large number of people to investigate them.

Even if he had 50 people to investigate, there is no chance that they'll suspect me of being Kira.

I should seem like a typical high school student.

But, if I leave it alone for few months, that possibility won't remain at zero.

I have to learn the name of the stalker.

I can get rid of him when I find out his name.

Light.

Let me tell you something good.

Between a Shinigami and human who have a Death Note, there are two big differences.

Do you know why a Shinigami has to write the names of humans in the Death Note?

Of course I don't.

You're pretty talkative today, Ryuk.

Because a Shinigami takes the human's remaining life span.

Take their life span?

For example, if you take someone who will live in the human world until 60 and write in the Death Note that he'll die at 40.

Sixty minus forty equals twenty.

Those 20 years in the human world are added on to a Shinigami's life span.

As long as we don't slack off, a Shinigami won't die unless when sh*t in the head or stabbed in the heart with a Kn*fe.

However, no matter how many names you write in the Death Note, your life span will not increase.

That's the difference between a Shinigami and a human who possess a Death Note.

I have never heard that theory about Shinigami before.

That's kind of interesting.

You might feel the second difference is more interesting.

It's about cutting life short instead of lengthening it.

Cutting it short?

A Shinigami can tell a person's name just by looking at their face.

Do you know why?

The eyes of a Shinigami can see a person's name and lifespan above their heads by just looking at them.

Name and lifespan?

In fact, I can see your name and life span right now.

I'll know how many years precisely if I convert it to human time.

Of course, I won't tell you anything even if you stretched my mouth open.

Even if my mouth is already stretched out as it is.

That's why a Shinigami won't ever have to worry about not knowing the names of the people they want to k*ll.

They also know precisely how much life they gained when they k*ll someone.

Our eyes are different.

That's the distinct difference between you and me.

A Shinigami can also change the eyes of the human who picked up their Death Note into Shinigami eyes.

But only if you agree to the deal that was passed down since ancient times.

A deal?

The price for the eyes of Shinigami

is half of that human's remaining lifespan.

Half of my remaining lifespan?

Right.

In other words, if you have another 50 years to live, it will be reduced to 25 years.

If you have a year remaining, you'll be left with half.

So, given that you're neither my ally nor L's ally, you won't tell me the names of those I want to k*ll even if you knew their names.

Basically, I can't ask for your help.

Is that what you're trying to say?

Yes.

That is also part of the Shinigami code.

I'll say this again.

I'll give you the eyes of a Shinigami if you give me half of your remaining life.

That way, I'll be able to know everyone's name.

It will be easier to use the Death Note.

So, what will you do, Light?

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW Who knew the Death Note could do everything written in it so accurately?

L, do you know?

Exactly at 11:45.

And everything is according to plan.

The Death Note never fails.
