Regardless of how she came up with that conclusion, she knows the truth.

If she tells the police about it, they'll finally realize that I am Kira.

I have to do something about it.

What's the matter?

Nothing.

I've thought about what you just told me and I think we should look into that theory as soon as possible.

Really?

Yes.

Have you told anyone else about it?

No, you're the first.

You're lucky.

But how are you going to k*ll her?

Wouldn't it be horrible if you did it here?

I know what I should do, without you even telling me.

Wow! You're doing it out in the open.

Could you tell me the date and time of the hijacking incident?

It was on December 20, in front of Asagao Hill.

At 11:02 a.m. On the way to Space Land.

December 20.

On the way to Space Land, right?

Yes.

Shoko Maki, su1c1de, January 1, 2007 Commits su1c1de, but nobody will bother and her body will not be found.

Dies by executing this plan within 48 hours.

Now her body will never be found.

Even if they do find her, they'll think that she committed su1c1de because of her fiancé.

What's so funny, Ryuk?

I'm very sorry for questioning all of you individually.

Kira is not one of us.

Ryuzaki, what makes you think that Kira is not among us?

To be honest, I set some traps to check if you were Kira, but...

I didn't feel the need to set them off on any of you.

Excuse me.

He told us to switch off our cell phones!

I got it.

I'm almost done.

Enter with your own key.

Watari is coming.

I understand.

If it's okay with you, I'll report this incident.

No.

I'd like to report it myself.

After talking to you, I've decided to take immediate action.

I suppose you're right.

Just ten seconds to 1:15 p.m.

I want to see how this woman dies, but I have to follow her secretly.

Now, hurry to your death!

Kira will definitely be caught, right?

What?

What's wrong? The time is already up.

That's weird.

Why won't she leave?

My tests have proved that I could k*ll them through su1c1de.

The criminals hanged themselves at the specified time.

I've proved many times that I should be able to control her within these situations.

So why?

Ryuk.

Come to think of it, he was laughing oddly when I used the Death Note.

That's not all.

The way he laughed when I asked for her name was also weird.

It happened every time her name was mentioned.

An alias!

Thank you all for your hard work.

Is this Watari?

Where are your usual clothes?

If I dressed as usual, I would be giving away my identity as Watari.

It would also give away Ryuzaki's location in this hotel.

I see.

The fact that I'm showing my face in front of you means you've won Ryuzaki's trust.

I feel kind of honored.

Ryuzaki, I brought what you asked.

Give them to everyone.

Yes.

These are everyone's new police IDs.

New?

An alias. That's it!

Ryuk can see her real name.

That's why he laughed.

This woman was being careful all along.

That's right.

She thinks Raye d*ed because he showed his ID.

That's why she's taking action without disclosing her identity.

This isn't good.

It's even harder to ask the real name of someone who has already given an alias.

If I keep asking her, she'll get suspicious.

It becomes more suspicious if I know that she was using an alias.

I should be getting back soon.

Someone might be back at headquarters now.

Yes. I suppose you're right.

Hopefully, someone's already there.

Yes.

Damn it!

Stopping her would also be unnatural.

What should I do? At this rate...

No.

If my dad calls, I promised her that I'd let her speak with him!

It's all over if he calls!

What do I do?

What am I thinking about?

I can just switch off my cell phone.

Calm down.

I just have to find out her actual name.

There's got to be a driver's license or some sort of personal ID in her purse, pocket or somewhere.

She's a woman.

If things become desperate, I can use force.

That's stupid!

I can't make a scene in a place like this.

She has to go to an isolated area.

Where? How should I talk my way out of this?

She is too cautious.

No, I need to change my plan of att*ck.

I can do this.

I can get her name without setting any alarms off.

Light.

We can always do the eye deal.

It's just the same as wearing contact lenses.

I'll get it done in a few seconds.

I won't cut my life short just because of this woman.

No, I won't ever consider the deal!

Don't bother me.

Shut up, Shinigami!

-Excuse me. -Yes?

Do you still have other matters at the police department?

I'll be okay on my own.

I understand.

Our names and ranks are all fake.

Fake police IDs?

Kira needs a name and a face to k*ll.

We are challenging Kira with this idea.

This is only natural.

But an officer with a fake ID is...

No, if Kira needs a name to k*ll, an alias would help us protect our lives.

We should carry these around.

-I think so too. -Yes.

When you're giving out your name to some stranger, use the alias in your IDs.

Yes.

Please be careful not to take them out within the police headquarters.

It could cause problems.

Understood.

Well then, everyone has to wear these belts.

Belts?

These belts have a tracking device in the buckle.

This way, Ryuzaki will know your whereabouts.

When you press the buckle twice,

my cell phone will ring.

I'll call you back immediately.

In the morning, you will go to work as usual.

Using this method later, I shall confirm our hotel and room number.

Please use this for emergencies as well.

This is kind of cool. Like a special task force to capture Kira!

Touta!

This isn't child's play.

Don't joke around.

Okay.

Thank you very much.

Thanks to you, I have gained confidence in my theory.

Don't mention it.

Since Ryuk started talking about the eye bargain, she is definitely using an alias.

At this rate, with her theory that Kira was on the bus and the information of the people Raye Penber was investigating, the police will immediately suspect me.

Hey, she's leaving. Is that okay?

It should take about five minutes for her to reach the headquarters.

Think...

How can I get her name within five minutes?

She is going to the police headquarters.

If someone from the task force has returned, I'm finished.

Somehow, I've got to find out her real name and k*ll her.

Three minutes left until she reaches the police headquarters.

All right.

What will you do?

-Excuse me. -Yes?

I haven't told you about something.

Okay.

It's impossible to reach anyone in the headquarters directly.

What?

I need to have this conversation naturally and connect it to something that she'll latch onto.

I'll draw out her name later on.

I can do this.

What do you mean?

There's no one at the headquarters. Don't you think that's weird?

Yes.

I thought it was strange, but...

The team of investigators is structured, so no one knows who is involved.

If people found out that the team is structured, an incident that happened to your fiancé may occur again.

I understand.

That's why you were told that the headquarters was empty.

In other words, you will never be allowed to consult someone from the headquarters.

That's a smart move. As expected of you, Light.

Why do you know so much?

She's pretty sharp.

I guess I have no choice. I should tell you.

It's because I'm a detective from the task force.

You're a detective from the task force?


Yes.

I'm actually in charge of the task force.

Yes. That's what I thought.

I was troubled because the headquarters was understaffed.

A lot of them quit because they're afraid of Kira.

I'm just a high school student, but I helped the police solve two cases in the past.

So he was sold by that?

I can go to the headquarters whenever I want to and I can investigate on my own.

Basically, the people at the headquarters are the chosen few who can be trusted and whose abilities are reliable.

I understand.

But I think I'll just drop by the headquarters anyway.

Thank you very much.

Please wait!

I just told you that you can't speak with anyone.

I would like to talk directly to L.

Come to think of it, who is at the headquarters now?

There's no one.

That's not good.

One person should at least be there at all times.

Understood.

Shuuichi, could you stay there for today?

Okay.

I can get there quickly from here.

Ms. Maki, please wait.

It's impossible to meet L.

It's useless.

Maybe he could allow me to meet him.

I only followed his orders from a computer screen, but two years ago in America, I used to work on a case under L.

You worked under L?

I was an FBI agent until three months ago.

This is it. I can use this.

Is that so?

It's no wonder.

You don't seem like an amateur to me.

You move cautiously and wisely as you get to the heart of the matter.

I'd like to learn from you.

It's amazing how you can come up with those lies.

I must approach this case in my own way.

The police and even the people within the task force are suspects.

But I trust L.

If I go to headquarters and have them verify my name and face, I'd be able to meet L in person.

I see.

But why did you tell me that you wanted to speak with L?

When I couldn't see anyone from the task force, I was angry and then I met someone who claimed to be the son of the lead detective.

No, that's not it.

Let me be honest with you.

You remind me of L.

I felt that you two are alike.

Shall we investigate the case together?

What?

Will you work as an agent in the task force?

Of course, only certain people are allowed.

But we are looking for people like you!

You could be doing more than gathering general information.

You were an FBI agent.

You're more competent than our current detectives.

Even L trusted you.

To join the task force, you need proper identification, a recommendation from a current detective and finally, L's permission.

You're asking me to join the task force?

Maybe we were destined to meet!

I'll recommend you!

I'm sorry.

I became a little excited.

No, it's okay.

Even if you can assist with the investigation, you still have some matters to attend to.

Especially since you live in America.

I was planning to stay in America with my fiancé.

We were supposed to get married this spring.

But since he is already dead, I have no idea what I should do now.

All right. Since I've come this far, I'll push a little.

But you're still young and beautiful.

-Don't get involved in a dangerous case. -No!

I have nothing to lose.

I want to catch Kira!

I just want to do that!

Please let me cr*ck the case with you!

Thank goodness.

Well, may I see some proof of personal identification?

-Well... -Yes?

Actually, the name that I gave you earlier was not my real name.

I'm sorry.

What?

That's all right.

That's good. Who would have thought you were being so cautious?

You're one step ahead of me.

Obviously, it shows that you're qualified.

Is it okay if I show my Japanese driver's license?

Yes.

I made it.

Naomi Misora, su1c1de, 1:15 p.m. on January 1, 2017

Excuse me, why do you always look at your watch?

This?

Because...

I'm Kira.

What's the matter?

There's something I have to do.

Right.

My dad's cell phone is on now.

Don't you want to talk to him?

I have nothing to talk about.

Goodbye, Ms. Naomi Misora.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW With Ryuk's information and my preparations, I can k*ll the broadcasted criminals while disguising myself as a regular high school student.

Just watch, L!