DECEMBER 20, 11:50 A.M.

-You over there. -Yes?

To be honest, I'm here in Japan on a secret investigation.

Please keep this a secret from the police.

I understand.

I'll refrain from telling anyone that we've met here.

Including my father.

That's good, I'll be off then.

Just as I thought.

I also wouldn't want the police to know that I've come into contact with an FBI agent either.

If my father ever found out, he'd definitely tell L .

Raye doesn't suspect me at all.

What happened will only be dismissed as a mere accident by the police.

Welcome back.

I'm home.

Did anything happen today? Why the big sigh?

Raye, talk to me.

Coincidentally, I was caught up in a bus hijacking.

A bus hijacking?

That's right, a man who robbed a bank two days ago tried to hijack a bus.

Japan is no longer safe for people to live in.

And you just happened to be riding on that bus?

Right.

It didn't end well, the culprit was hit right after he jumped off the bus.

Did he die?

Well, probably.

I didn't have time to watch what really happened.

-Raye. -Yes?

Do you take what happened as mere coincidence?

What are you talking about?

You were on that bus because you were investigating someone, weren't you?

But, somehow the criminal d*ed.

Don't you think...

Hey.

No doubt, you were once an excellent FBI agent.

But right now, you're my fiancée.

You're no longer an agent.

You won't talk about the Kira case and you won't get involved or take risks.

Didn't we agree on those when I brought you with me here so we could meet your parents?

I understand, Raye.

It's a habit.

Forgive me.

Hey, it's okay. Don't worry too much about it.

Once we start a family, you'll be so busy that you'll forget what it was like to be an FBI agent.

You won't have the time to slip into old habits.

But before that, help me figure out how to impress your dad.

So, are you going to write down the name of that agent you've identified?

Not yet.

I'll write his name a week from today.

If he d*ed soon after I met him. that would make me a suspect.

My plan is to let him continue his investigation.

And k*ll him once he has investigated more people connected with the police.

For now, let me use more prisoners to play games with L.

L.

There has been another victim who left a message.

Please send me the image.

God of Death.

"L, do you know? God of Death."

Does he want to say that the God of Death exist?

Watari.

Tell the police to keep watch on the prison carefully.

We should expect more similar notes to be left by the victims soon.

I understand.

DECEMBER 27, 3:00 P.M.

This place is packed with humans.

Are you going to do it here?

I'll show you what I've learned from the investigations and experiments I've done these past few days.

Experiments?

Yes.

I've been testing different methods of k*lling on the criminals in this area.

If you first write the cause of death and the details surrounding it, the name of the victim can be added afterward.

And it will still work.

What? That's something even I didn't know.

He's here.

Right on time.

Mr. Raye Penber.

I'll k*ll you if you turn around.

I am Kira.

If you turn around or put your hand in your pocket, I will k*ll you immediately.

Impossible.

I know this voice. I've heard it somewhere.

I shall first prove to you that I'm Kira.

So, I'll k*ll the man with the glasses working at the coffee shop you are looking at.

You can't be serious.

Don't do it.

I had no choice.

I thought if I didn't do it, you wouldn't take me seriously.

He has been repeatedly accused of sexually assaulting women.

But he's never been convicted, due to the lack of evidence.

A menace who causes pain in society should be punished.

You may already have heard from L, that I'm able to k*ll anyone as long as I know their faces.

To put it simply, I could k*ll everyone you see here.

Tell me if you have any request, I'll do it for you.

Don't do it.

I believe you. You're Kira.

Of course, you care more about your loved ones more than the people here, don't you?

Consider your loved one as one of them now.

That's impossible. You know about her?

You're right.

I know so much about you.

I shall k*ll everyone including your family if you don't do exactly as I say.

And you too, of course.

I understand.

What do I have to do?

You have your laptop with you, don't you?

Is there a file on the agents who've come to Japan?

My laptop is for work. I always carry it around with me.

But I don't have those files in it.

Then, take this envelope with you.

First, take out the transceiver and put it on the earpiece.

A transceiver?

It's almost like a toy.

Yet, there will be no record of communications if we use this.

And we can converse underground as long as we're in range.

He has thought it all out.

Please take the Yamanote Line.

It doesn't matter which direction.

I shall be observing you from a close distance.

When you're on the train, look forward.

Keep your eyes straight ahead.

Heed this, I can k*ll at any time.

Once you've boarded, sit at the corner closest to the door.

If it's taken, wait until it's available.

I must ask you something.

If your answer conflicts with my expectations I will k*ll your fiancé.

How many FBI agents have come to Japan and how are they organized?

Answer quietly into the transceiver.

Four separate teams.

And there are 12 of them in total.

Next, take out what's in the envelope.

What is this?

Of those investigators, write the name of the agent who is directly in charge of you all in the space at the top.

What is the meaning of this?

What is he planning?

But I must not disobey him.

He shouldn't be able to k*ll with just names alone.

Next, turn your laptop on.

You should be receiving a file from your superior soon.

A file of all the names and faces of the FBI agents who came to Japan.

What's going on?

Now, like you just did, take a good look at each agent's face as you write their names on the envelope.

I don't get it.

Kira, what's on your mind?

What are you planning to do?

Looks like you're finished.

Now put the transceiver and the list of names back into their original envelope and put them on the rack.

Now put your hands on your lap, continue riding the train and stay still for about thirty minutes.

When you're certain that nobody will notice that you've forgotten the envelope, only then you can disembark.

Why?

Why can't I remember that voice?

Kira.

Who are you?

Light Yagami.

Farewell, Raye Penber.

Raye Penber was writing those names on pages torn out from the Death Note.

He unwittingly k*lled all of his coworkers.

His superior d*ed after sending the files to the rest of the agents.

All members of the team d*ed of heart att*cks after receiving the file.

L.

We have a call from the FBI Director.

L, it's me.

I've just got word from Japan that all our agents have d*ed.

They all d*ed of heart att*cks.

I can only conclude that Kira was behind it.

L, I'm very sorry.

But the FBI will call off our investigation in Japan.

It's from Chief Yagami.

L.

I have just spoken with the FBI Director.

According to him, you were investigating everyone involved with the task force here.

Yes.

What is the meaning of this?

Do you mean to say that you suspect us?

I believe what I did was necessary in order to learn Kira's true identity.

I can't accept this.

I can't condone you treating fellow comrades as spies.

L, how can we trust you?

Besides that, Kira k*lled those FBI agents, didn't he?

Kira will k*ll anyone that opposes him, even if they're not criminals.

Kira is a cruel m*rder*r!

Another victim has left a message.

L, do you know about the Gods of Death?

Love apples Love apples.

Damn you, Kira!

Raye.

He's dead.


No way.

He was k*lled by Kira.

What now? A family meeting?

Even if I kept it secret, you'd eventually figure it out.

It's best to tell you now.

I am currently in charge of conducting the investigation on Kira.

Really?

That's amazing, dad!

That isn't what I wanted to say.

Yesterday, twelve FBI agents were sent to Japan to find Kira.

They're all dead.

Were they all k*lled by Kira?

What?

To put it bluntly, Kira might k*ll anyone who tries to catch him.

It's the scariest crime we've ever encountered.

Many of my officers have quit.

Dad, you should quit too!

Don't get involved in something that could cost your life.

That's right.

You should put your life before your job.

No.

I will not back away from this case.

We should never yield to evil.

Dad.

Dear.

Dad, that's admirable. I'm proud of you.

But, if something ever happens to you, I'll find Kira and make sure he's ex*cuted.

Kira will probably k*ll all who oppose him, even if they're not criminals.

Our life is in Kira's hand.

Think of your lives, families and friends.

If anyone wishes to be off the case, please let me know.

There shall be no risk of demotion.

That's my promise to you.

I want those with the confidence to stay on the case to fight Kira, even if going after him means sacrificing everything.

That is all.

Hey, what are you going to do?

Right.

Yes, correct. That's him.

I remember him because he said, "Get down."

But I don't really recall the other passengers.

Is that so?

I understand. Thank you very much.

If the theory in my mind is right, Kira could have been among those passengers.

If that's the case, I can find Kira along this bus route.

SERIAL m*rder SPECIAL INVESTIGATION HEADQUARTERS

Only five people?

It would be six including myself.

No.

I should be glad that I have five comrades willing to risk their lives to fight evil.

I trust all of you have a strong sense of justice.

Wait a minute.

L might have said that he trusts us, but we don't trust L.

L.

We have decided to risk our lives to catch Kira.

You should know what we mean by that.

Yet, you've only given us orders without revealing your face.

We can't work with someone like that!

L.

If you're serious about joining forces and if you really wish to capture Kira, will it be possible for you to come here?

I just said that I trust all of you.

Please keep what is about to happen a secret between the eight of us.

I would like to meet the six of you whom I trust as soon as possible.

Before that, I want all of you to leave the building and think again whether you really trust me or not.

NATIONAL POLICE AGENCY Why does he suddenly announce his intention to cooperate now?

If he has solved numerous difficult cases by himself before, why can't he do the same now?

And judging by his past actions, we may be dealing up with a double.

A double?

That's possible.

But, I trust L.

We need L's help in this case.

I trust him too.

From the very beginning, L has said that this case requires police assistance.

Perhaps you could think of it like this.

I was waiting for this to happen.

For what to happen?

There were people in the investigation who refused to trust L from the start.

Then, we had detectives quitting on all sides.

Then, our confidential information was somehow leaked.

You can't run an investigation unless you trust your partners.

Are you saying L has been waiting for the task force to shrink down to people he can trust and who will face evil without fear?

Yes.

I'll resign rather than join up with L.

Don't worry.

I won't trail you and try to find L.

I trust L and will try to cooperate with him.

Me too.

I am currently in a room at the Teito Hotel.

I shall be switching hotels from now on every few days.

I want you to use and think of these rooms as the headquarters of the investigation.

If you can agree to it, I want you to split into two groups and with a 30-minute interval between you, come here by twelve o'clock at midnight.

Kira, we're finally at an even distance from finding each other.

I'll do this.

I'll make my first appearance in front of people as L.

If you manage to find this out, you'll definitely move in.

Bring it on.

I've done so much work over these past few days.

I need to think harder.

Was there something that I missed?

And what should I do to progress from here?

L, the real battle starts now.

Please come in.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW If this woman had spoken to the police before I got to her...

There is a God other than a Shinigami who might be on my side.