My well-behaved son is looking at a magazine like that.

Light, it's time for dinner!

I'll solve equations with my right hand and write names with my left.

I'll take a potato chip and eat it!

The witness to my alibi is L himself.

Are you sure, Ryuk?

Yes. Nobody is following you.

My withdrawal symptoms are here, so give it to me quickly!

You're not just saying that so I'll give you an apple, right?

Hey!

I've flown around and checked a hundred-meter radius around you.

I'm sure.

But there was the news report about Interpol dispatching 1,500 investigators.

You said it yourself that it's fake.

If it were real, they would sneak in and investigate secretly.

All right, Ryuk. I'll buy you an apple.

All right!

Thank you very much.

Light, quickly.

You really are a sl*ve driver.

You had me search for cameras and made me give up eating apples in the house.

Be sure to eat the core as well.

I might just end up writing your name on my Death Note and k*ll you.

What's so funny?

That's right. There's just one thing left to top everything off.

Ryuzaki.

Yes?

About the purse snatcher and embezzler's heart att*cks two days ago...

It happened before my family had any knowledge of it.

Have they been cleared?

I suppose you're right.

Even though Kira can control the time of death, I don't think that there's any way he could set up his victims without watching that...

Your son has come home again.

So, are you going to keep quiet and pretend to be studying again?

I already have an idea of where all the cameras are.

But I was only able to k*ll a purse snatcher and an embezzler.

They've committed really minor crimes compared to those I've k*lled until now.

Are you going to watch the television?

I k*lled criminals whose names and faces were broadcast when I didn't have access to the TV or the internet.

But there's still a chance that I'll be suspected because only minor criminals die when I don't have any information...

In other words, if I also k*ll minor criminals being broadcast when I watch TV, I won't call attention to myself.

Also, when I go out, regardless of the severity of the crime, I should remember the names of criminals that were broadcast.

And k*ll them at random times with the piece of the Death Note I left in my wallet.

Now my measures against the cameras are perfect.

During these pasts few days, I have checked our tapes and video footage many times.

I've come to a decision.

Between the Kitamura and Yagami households,

no one is suspicious.

I shall remove the cameras and wiretaps.

So in the end, the culprit wasn't here, was he?

Don't lower your guard! We'll narrow down the possibilities again.

Please don't get the wrong idea.

I just meant that there wasn't anyone suspicious from what I could see from our footage.

What?

Even if Kira is among them, he wouldn't give himself away.

No, it means that he was k*lling criminals as usual, without showing it.

Do you believe that Kira could be in one of the houses?

I would say there is a five-percent chance.

Kira was still k*lling people even while the surveillance cameras were in place.

I don't know how he did it.

But even if he is able to k*ll people by wishing death upon them, if he were a normal person, he would have behaved differently.

Or at least changed his facial expression when committing the murders.

Kira is not among them.

Most people would conclude that.

But, if Kira is one of them, his thinking has reached a god-like level.

Judging sinners without changing his expression.

I want to believe that Kira doesn't exist.

That this is just divine judgment.

But it's absurd to think that God would need a person's face and name to k*ll.

But this isn't divine judgment by God.

It's the actions of someone childish who thinks he's God.

That's what this is.

The mass m*rder*r known as Kira does exist.

And I will catch him.

But I don't think that Kira will expose himself even if I keep these cameras in place.

What should I do?

It would be best to get him to tell me himself that he's Kira and have him show me how he kills.

But there's no way I can do that.

Hey, Light. The cameras really have been removed!

All of them!

Are you listening, Light?

Hey, Light.

I see. The wiretaps might still be here.

I'm no longer a suspect.

It all happened as I planned.

But L will probably continue to chase Kira.

And if he's still using the Japanese police, my father will be among those being used.

If that's the case, I'll use my father to find out L's identity so I can eliminate him.

If I just get rid of L, Kira will be one step closer to becoming the god of the new world.

Light, hurry up.

Do your best!

Good luck, Light!

Really, you're making such a big fuss over this.

I'll be going.

It sure feels good now that we know that there aren't any wiretaps.

Well, it's good that one of the causes of stress is gone before my test.

2007 TO-OH UNIVERSITY TEST Once I start college, I'll have more time to operate as Kira and search for L.

You there! The test will start in ten minutes! Hurry up!

I planned to go in three minutes before the test because I didn't want to wait.

I got here early.

You've got a lot of confidence.

CIVICS You may begin.

Civics

You there. Number 162.

Sit in your seat properly!

There have been many Shinigamis looking into the human world lately.

What's with that?

It seems that Ryuk has turned into some human's pet.

What in the world is he thinking?

He's a real disgrace to all Shinigamis.

No, I'm talking about the human who's keeping him.

Ryuk is probably not a very cute pet.

Well, you're right.

So, what kind of human is keeping him?

Is it a woman? A man?

Who knows.

I'll go take a peek as well.

Go ahead.

2007 TO-OH UNIVERSITY ENTRANCE CEREMONY

Are you a college student now, Light?

My heart is filled with joy.

Now for our freshman speech.

And our freshman representative, Light Yagami.

Yes.

Wow.

And another freshman representative, Hideki Ryuga.

Yes.

Hideki Ryuga, the pop idol?

That couldn't be.

There's no way he's smart enough to enter To-oh.

You're right.

He doesn't even look anything like him.

I heard I was going to be giving the speech with someone else, but I didn't expect it to be him.

He's the guy who was sitting weirdly behind me on the first day of the exams.

He completely stood out from everyone else.

"Life springs renewed in the breath of Spring."

The person who scored highest in the test is supposed to do this, right?

That means there were two top scorers this year.

I heard they both scored 100% in all subjects.

Seriously?

I guess there really are people like that.

I definitely like the guy on the right!

What? Kyoko, you're weird.

Most people would choose the one on the left.

But those two are really different.

Yes.

One looks like a brilliant genius from a sheltered family.

And the other one...

"Life springs renewed in the breath of Spring."

Seems wild or at least very weird.

Is that what people would call a genius?

He's giving the speech for To-oh entrance ceremony dressed like that.

It's either he's not taking this seriously or an idiot.

Thank you very much. Hideki Ryuga.

Light.

You are the son of Souichirou Yagami, Detective Superintendent of the NPA.

You have a sense of justice which rivals that of your respect for your father.

Who is this guy?

You also aim to become a police officer and have helped the police to solve several cases in the past.

You're now showing great interest in the Kira case.

I have faith in your sense of justice and abilities and if you swear not to tell anyone, I'll tell you something very important concerning the Kira case.

What is this all of a sudden?

Should I just ignore him?

But what is this important information concerning the Kira case?

I won't tell anyone. What is it?

I'm L.

It couldn't be!

What is he talking about?

There's no way L would say that he's L.


I thought he was a strange guy, but is he really that weird?

This isn't good.

Don't be shocked.

If he really is L, I have to act like I'm just Soichiro Yagami's son.

I have to act naturally.

If you truly are who you say you are, I respect and admire you.

Thank you.

I revealed myself because I think that you can be of help in solving the Kira case.

Light Yagami.

The probability that you are Kira is just under five percent.

But out of everyone we were watching, I sensed something from you.

You're too perfect.

And if you're Kira, there's nothing that could pressure you more than this.

If this guy is really L, he's something else.

Indeed, if he really is L...

No, even if he isn't really L, I...

I can't do anything to him!

If what he's saying is true, he has probably already shown his face to my father.

If he dies as soon as he reveals himself to me, then suspicion will immediately fall onto me.

And he's using an obvious alias like Hideki Ryuga.

If his name really isn't Hideki Ryuga and I try to k*ll him by writing his name in the Death Note, the pop idol's face will pop up in my head, whether I want it to or not and he may die instead.

But he won't die and will deduce that I'm Kira.

Is he really L?

Also, does he suspect that I'm Kira?

I don't know how much he knows, but I'm sure he suspects me.

There's no other reason for him to tell Soichiro Yagami's son that he's L.

Does this mean that he's still focusing on the people that Raye Penber was investigating?

But why has L approached me directly?

I can't do this now.

It's better to keep my mind blank.

I have to keep a straight face.

He's definitely checking to see whether I'm shocked or not.

2007 TO-OH UNIVERSITY ENTRANCE CEREMONY

Light, that was an interesting college entrance ceremony.

Light.

Hey, Light. He's calling you.

It was nice to meet you today.

The pleasure was all mine.

What an amazing car.

A limousine?

Well, I'll see you around campus.

Okay.

Where is that rich kid from?

And he's even at the top of the class? What a jerk.

Welcome home, To-oh University student!

Damn! He got me!

He got you?

Damn it, L.

I've never been so humiliated in my life!

Hey, why don't you just do the Shinigami eye deal with me and just k*ll him?

What good would that do if this is a trap?

If he's not really L, then that would be just like telling L that I'm Kira!

Sorry.

There's a difference between a Shinigami who kills people and a human who does the same.

I want to k*ll him no matter what it takes.

But if I do, it'll be traced back to me.

The Death Note can only k*ll a person whose name I write on it.

I can't control someone to k*ll someone else.

The Death Note is a pain in the ass!

Light is usually calm, but he's fuming now.

He's pretty annoyed.

At first, I thought that when I found out his name, I'd have him get in an accident or commit su1c1de.

But it's no good unless I know a hundred percent that he's L.

No. Even if I do know it's him, it may be too late.

No matter what the cause of death, if L dies, I'll be suspected.

I underestimated him.

I never thought that he would come up to me and tell me he's L.

He just has to tell all the suspects that he is L.

Even if he's his double or not the real L, this is a solid defense as well as an att*ck against Kira.

He got me. It was a good move.

That Ryuga will play dumb and probably continue to approach me and manipulate me at the university.

This is great.

There's nothing to worry about.

This proves that they don't have anything on me.

It's a contest between L and me.

It's a game of wits!

We'll just be friendly acquaintances on campus.

But in reality, we'll be investigating each other's identities.

This is interesting, Ryuga.

If it's friendship you want from me, I'll gladly accept.

I'll make you trust me.

And once I've pulled everything out of you, I will k*ll you with my own hands!

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW Hideki Ryuga.

L.

There's no way that he could profile me with this tennis game.

He has some other goal in mind.

But even if it's just tennis, I will win!
