SHINIGAMI REALM

What? A pair of sleeping skulls again?

I win! No hard feelings, all right?

Hey, Ryuk. Would you like to join us?

You should join us once in a while.

No, I'll pass.

I did nothing, but he still got upset.

Really? So what happened?

Are you okay, Light?

Can you please translate the sentence into Japanese.

Follow the teachings of God and receive His blessings.

So the sea will become bountiful and the storms will subside.

Around eleven o'clock today, in the city of Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, a 30-year-old man was found covered in blood in his apartment.

The Kanagawa Police considers this case as homicide.

In other news, earlier today, in the Shibuya district of Tokyo, Naoki Kofuji, 35 years old, was arrested and charged with the m*rder of his live-in partner, a 25-year-old female.

Day after day...

It's always the same news.

It's absurd.

This world is...

Rotten.

No way! Did you go to see that sh*t?

It was a complete waste of time. I should have requested a refund!

Well, you already watched it.

"Death Note."

Literally translated as a notebook of death.

"How to use it.

The human whose name is written in this note shall die."

This is so lame.

It's pretty disgusting.

It's no different from chain letters.

"The human whose name is written in this note shall die?" Come on.

Seriously, I must be insane.

"This note won't work unless the writer has the person's face in their mind when writing the name.

Therefore, people sharing the same name will not be affected.

If the cause of death is written within 40 seconds of writing the person's name, it will happen as it is written.

If it isn't specified, the person will simply die of a heart att*ck.

After writing the cause of death, details of the death should be written in the next six minutes and 40 seconds."

So you can either k*ll them easily or painfully, right?

I guess a complicated prank like this isn't too bad.

Write their name and they die.

This is so silly!

Hold on.

Would that make me a m*rder*r if someone actually dies?

That's right. It's completely impossible.

The same k*ller who att*cked six people yesterday at a busy shopping district in Shinjuku, has now taken eight children and teachers as hostages in this daycare center.

The police have now identified the suspect as Kurou Otoharada, 42 years old and unemployed.

The negotiations are expected to begin immediately.

Kurou Otoharada

A heart att*ck in 40 seconds, right?

We don't have clear information at the present time.

You can't help but worry about the hostages right now.

That's true.

This was a report from the scene.

Thank you very much.

What do you make of this, Mr. Hashimoto?

Well, for now we can only hope this situation is resolved quickly.

Nothing happened as expected.

What did I expect?

Hold on.

Something is happening.

The hostages are coming out!

They all seem to be okay!

The SWAT team is entering the building!

Has the suspect been arrested?

Yes!

We just received the information.

The suspect was found dead inside the daycare center!

The suspect is dead!

Dead?

Kurou Otoharada The police have strongly denied that they sh*t the suspect!

Maybe he committed su1c1de because he felt cornered?

One of the hostages said the suspect collapsed suddenly.

A heart att*ck...

Impossible...

Coincidence. This has to be a coincidence!

Light!

It's already 6:30 p.m. Don't you have prep class tonight?

Right, I'm getting ready now.

Death Note.

If this is real, I should test it out once more.

Well, I guess it should be a criminal.

But it can't be someone too well-known.

If he dies, there is a possibility the news of it will be covered up.

I need to see the results quickly.

Hey, Ryo!

What do you want, Sudou?

Will you lend me about 2,000 yen?

What? Again?

Sudou...

-Are you refusing? -Shall I k*ll him?

No, I should avoid people I know.

No. Why should I bother?

Nobody would care if one or two people like him d*ed.

We can go to the arcade after school today.

Maki. Do you want to hang out with some guys tomorrow?

Of course!

Hey, me too!

Damn it, Mom!

She's not here to pick me up!

Damn it. Every single one of them is sickening.

I wonder if I'd do society a favor by getting rid of them.

Hey, girl!

Do you want to have some fun with us?

Hey, Takuo! You've found a beauty here!

I'm Takuo Shibumaru.

But you can call me Takuo.

You should hang out with us, pretty girl.

I don't want any trouble.

She said she doesn't want any trouble.

She's so cute!

Boys, strip her!

Are you sure?

Stop!

Please!

Stop!

Takuo Shibumaru, accidental death Now, let's see what happens!

Wait!

Takuo! Look out!

That proves it!

The Death Note is real!

Takuo!

Idiot!

He just came out of nowhere!

It has been five days since...

Okay.

I guess I should go.

What? Are you going out, Ryuk?

Everywhere you go in this place is barren.

I dropped my Death Note.

You really f*cked up this time!

Didn't you carry around a second note behind the old man's back?

Did you lose both of them?

Do you know where you dropped it?

The Human World.

-What? -What?

Welcome home.

You're early, Light.

Yes.

I'm home, Mom.

You want the results of the national entrance mock exams, right?

Hurry!

Here.

Goodness! You came in first again!

You really did your best, Light!

I guess so.

Please don't interrupt me. I'll be studying.

Okay.

Light.

Do you want anything?

You can ask for whatever you want.

It's okay, Mom.

I already have what I want.

It seems that you like it.

Why are you so surprised?

I'm Ryuk, the Shinigami who dropped that notebook.

And judging by your face earlier, it seems like you have realized that it's no ordinary notebook.

A Shinigami.

I'm not surprised, Ryuk.

Actually, I've been waiting for you, Ryuk.

Really?

I didn't know that this notebook is real.

I can act with conviction now after seeing its results.

I see. You've really surprised me.

In the past, I've heard of Death Notes appeared in the Human World.

But you're the first person to use it to this extent in just five days.

Most people would be too frightened to try it out.

I've prepared myself, Ryuk.

I used the Death Note knowing it belonged to a Shinigami.

So now the Shinigami is here.

What will happen to me?

Are you going to take my soul?

What are you talking about?


Is this some kind of fantasy created by humans?

I'm not going to do anything to you.

The moment that Death Note lands in the Human World, it belongs to the Human World.

It means that notebook is now yours.

This is mine?

Pass it to someone else if you don't want it.

But if you do that, the memories of the Death Note will be erased from your mind.

So, is there really no price for using the Death Note?

Well, if anything...

There is fear and pain that is only faced by humans who used Death Notes.

Then, when you die, I'll write your name in my Death Note.

Don't assume that any human who have used the Death Note can go to Heaven or Hell.

That's all.

You'll experience it after you die.

Light.

Don't worry.

Go ahead.

What is it?

I brought some apples from our neighbor.

Why is it so dark in here?

You'll ruin your eyesight!

What's going on?

Can't Mom see him?

That notebook was originally mine.

Since you are using it now, only you can see me.

And obviously, only you can hear my voice.

The Death Note is a bond that ties Light, the human to Ryuk, the Shinigami.

Nice.

I'll ask you one more thing.

Why me?

Hey, are you listening?

Apples in the Human World are so good.

How do you say it? Juicy?

Answer my question.

I didn't pick you.

I just happened to drop the notebook.

Did you think you were picked because you're smart?

Don't be so vain.

You just happened to pick it up because it just happened to fall around here.

That's it.

That's why I wrote it in English, the most popular language in the Human World.

Why did you drop it then?

You went through trouble to write the instructions.

Don't tell me you dropped it by accident.

Why would I drop it?

Because I was bored.

Bored?

The truth is Shinigamis don't have a lot to do.

They just sleep or gamble.

Try writing names in the Death Note.

They'll laugh at you for working so hard.

You can't even write the names of other Shinigami because they won't die.

And since we live in the Shinigami Realm, it's not fun to k*ll those who live in the Human World!

So I think it would be more fun to come down here myself.

Anyway, you have written many names.

But why did you only write the cause of death for the guy who was hit by the truck?

If you don't write the cause of death, they all will die of heart att*cks.

That's the best thing about the Death Note, Ryuk.

I already have the names of the criminals.

Eventually, I'll slowly reduce the number of evil people.

What's the point of doing that?

Sooner or later, any fool will realize that someone is eliminating the bad guys.

I want to let the world know of my existence!

And that there's someone who can and will pass the judgment on them!

But what do you plan to achieve by passing the judgment?

Why bother?

Because I'm bored too.

Of course, I didn't believe it at first.

But that Death Note has a supernatural power that compels people to try it at least once.

I k*lled them...

I k*lled two of them...

Human lives shouldn't be taken so lightly!

Do I have the right to judge others?

No.

It's not like that.

I always think about this.

The world is rotten!

So, those rotten people should die!

Someone...

Someone needs to do it!

Even if one needs to sacrifice his life and soul.

The world can't go on like this!

Even if someone else had picked up the Death Note, would they be able to erase all the unneeded people from this world?

No way!

But I can.

I can do it!

In fact, I'm the only one who can do it!

I will do it with the Death Note!

I'll change the world!

At first, I kept writing names like I was cleaning up the world.

Eventually, no one would do evil.

While the guilty ones who deserved to be punished for their crimes die of heart att*cks, people who are immoral or harass others will gradually be erased through illness or accidents.

Then the world will become a better place.

Then, I would create a new world with kind humans.

If you do that, you'd be the only one left with a bad personality.

What are you talking about, Ryuk?

I'm probably the best student in Japan.

And then...

I will become the god of this new world!

Humans turn out to be interesting, after all.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW Kira, k*ll everyone.

SEND MESSAGE?

The entire world is watching.

To see what happens if anyone mocks me, L.