What?

There were 23 victims yesterday?

As soon as the possibility that Kira is a student was put forward, the timing of the murders changed as if to oppose our theory.

Does that mean Kira has access to police information?

When L discovers that I know the information from the investigation, he's bound to search for leads on me that starts within the police force.

There is someone following you.

That's a problem.

I'll have to get rid of him soon, Ryuk.

The eyes of a Shinigami can see a person's name and lifespan above their heads by just looking at them.

A Shinigami can also change the eyes of the human who picked up their Death Note into Shinigami eyes.

The price for the eyes of a Shinigami is half of that human's remaining lifespan.

So, what will you do, Light?

I haven't seen Ryuk around lately.

Did he really drop his notebook in the Human World?

The Death Note must have been picked up by a human before he even got to it.

Impossible.

If that happened to him, he'd have to stick around until that person dies or the Death Note is destroyed.

That's right.

Ryuk would never deal with such tedious matters.

I heard that he was carrying two Death Notes.

Are you serious? Why the hell has he got two?

Nobody understands that maniac.

In order for me to gain the eyes of a Shinigami, I have to offer half of my remaining lifespan.

Is that what you were saying?

Yes.

What do you have in mind?

Have we got a deal?

Ryuk.

This deal is out of the question.

Listen carefully.

I have a plan to create a world free from criminals.

A world of where I reign as God for a very long time.

I would've heeded the deal if it could lengthen my lifespan, but why would I since it's the absolute contrary?

You should know that better.

Right, I was just letting you know that a deal like this exists.

I just thought I'd get it out of the way so you won't complain later.

"Get it out of the way"?

Isn't it already too late?

You should have told me this when we first met or write this down as part of the instructions in the Death Note.

Well, I guess you're right.

He doesn't seem to fear or try to suck up even though I'm a Shinigami.

He just keeps giving me a hard time with such probing questions.

-Well? -What?

Is there anything else you should tell me beforehand?

Ryuk, the Shinigami.

No, there's nothing else.

Probably.

I see. How disappointing.

Disappointing?

I may have seriously considered the deal if you offered me wings rather than eyes.

Flying around across the sky is very God-like.

It's a dream that man has had since ancient times.

You'd stand out if you grew wings and started flying around.

You'd be arrested by the police just because of that.

Ryuk, that was a joke.

However, if I were to have your eyes and wings, I'm going to end up becoming a real Shinigami.

Though, that could be interesting.

Don't fret.

Even without all that, you're already a worthy Shinigami!

The Shinigami Realm has been rotting.

The Shinigamis live an inanimate existence and only take human lives because they don't want to die.

No one even knows why we exist.

I doubt there's any reason at all for our existence.

You're much more of a Shinigami than they'll ever be, Light.

Judging from what you said, it sounds like I'm doing a lot more work.

But I refuse to be compared with the Shinigamis.

I am using this Death Note as a human for humans.

But, the Shinigami Realm is just as important.

What are you trying to imply?

Well, think about it.

When a Shinigami comes to the Human World once every hundred...

No, once every thousand years, the Human World changes dramatically.

The Shinigami Realm's existence is fearfully meaningful.

Do you think so?

You told me that your realm is rotten.

When you return to your realm, why don't you make the necessary changes with whatever knowledge you gained here?

Light.

You possess a positive mind for someone your age.

Of course, I am.

If I wasn't, I wouldn't have thought of using the Death Note to try to make this world an ideal place.

That's it!

I've got it!

What is it? What did you get?

I've figured out a way to learn the name of the guy who was following me today.

How are you going to do it?

I'll use the Death Note rules to my advantage.

"Once the cause of death is written, a further six minutes and 40 seconds shall be granted to record the details."

I wonder how free I can be with these conditions?

I'm going to test it out.

THE FOLLOWING MORNING

Yes, it's me.

Another six imprisoned criminals...

Heart att*cks?

It's Kira's doing.

Pardon me?

Three of them exhibited bizarre behaviors before they d*ed?

What do you mean?

Didn't they die due to heart att*cks?

Right, they d*ed of heart att*cks.

But before one of them d*ed, he drew a peculiar picture on the wall with the blood from his finger.

Another left an unexplainable letter.

The third one managed to escaped to the public bathroom, before...

Watari, what is it?

We have more victims, but their circumstances are rather odd.

What do you mean by "odd"?

I'll send you an image of the picture and letter left at the scene.

Please do.

A note describing a fear of Kira.

This can be taken as something a criminal might do, but...

Kira can control the time of death.

If that so, could he possibly be able to manipulate his victims' actions right before their death?

Chief!

It's about these current victims.

Do not expose anything to the media, aside from the fact that they d*ed of heart att*cks.

These incidents could be an experiment planned painstakingly by Kira.

If that's the case, we shouldn't give him an easy answer.

All right.

I understand.

Experimenting with lives of criminals?

That's horrible.

He's playing with peoples' lives as if this is nothing but a game.

This has gone too far.

If my suspicion of Kira using criminals as test subjects were right,

what could his motive be?

Look at this, Ryuk.

The result of yesterday's experiment have already been put into Dad's computer.

The results are just as I expected.

The Death Note is really useful.

What do you mean by that?

One inmate escaped and went to the bathroom just like what I wrote in the notebook.

Another drew the same picture I had drawn in the Death Note.

And another wrote the same letter I had written in the Death Note.

These three did exactly what I wanted.

For the other three, I intentionally wrote impossible tasks.

The first was, "Die in front of the Eiffel Tower at 6 p.m."

It's physically impossible for an inmate to travel from Japan to France in an hour.

As expected, this never happened and ended as just a regular heart att*ck.

The next was, "Draw a picture of L's face on the prison wall."

However, one can't draw the faces of people they don't know.

I see.

For the final victim, I specified that he would write a note that would read, "I know L is suspicious of the Japanese police."

I thought this one might work, but it didn't happen.

Which means, people can't write about things they don't know or things that they couldn't come up with on their own.

In short, even with Death Note, one can never do the impossible.

However, natural actions that are within the realistic limits of oneself can be controlled as much as I want before one dies.

You've figured that out.

But what are you trying to do, Light?

L and the police will never figure out my true goal.

The great detective is probably trying to decipher the picture and the letter those criminals left.

Those meaningless dying messages.

If Kira used those criminals for a test, he's about to start something.

If he moves now, his suspicious actions will only alert the FBI.

But, if he has a different plan set on his mind there might be a message in the picture and letter.

Is this it?

L, do you know?

Well, it's time for the real thing.

The real thing?

This guy from yesterday's news.

A drug addict who attempted to rob a bank but failed.

He att*cked civilians and made his escape.

I'll use him.

It's last minute, but I can find someone.

I'll try to ask several people out.

You'll try to ask several people out?

That's right.

Believe it or not, I'm pretty popular with the girls, Ryuk.

Hello?

Yes, Light?

Good morning.

He's still following me, isn't he?

That's perfect.

If I don't have my stalker, what I'm going to do next would be pointless.

Light!

-You're going on a date? -Yes.

It might not seem like one, but it is.

My stalker should see it that way.

But this is not a normal date, is it?

You mentioned something about figuring out your stalker's name.

What do you plan to do?

What are you talking about?

Ryuk, didn't you see what I wrote in the Death Note.

I didn't.

It would be boring to peek.


Then just be patient and watch what happens next.

Sorry.

Did I keep you waiting?

No, not at all.

I haven't been to Space Land since junior high, anyway!

This is so exciting! And I get to be alone with you.

Right.

He only goes to school and his prep courses on weekdays.

An occasional date on his days off.

He seems pretty normal.

No. He's a serious high school student.

Chief Yagami's son, Light.

I have no reason to suspect him.

Therefore, today should mark the end of my surveillance on him.

Light, didn't you say that you weren't going out until entrance exams are over?

Yes, but I did score number one in the mock exams.

Don't brag about it.

It's him! He's here!

Aside from him, there are seven passengers.

Everything will go as planned.

I'm taking control of this bus!

A bus hijacking! At a time like this?

Don't make a fuss! I'll k*ll anyone that moves.

Hey you, you know the phone number for Space Land's offices, don't you?

-Call them right now! -All right.

This is Sasaki, the driver of bus number 174!

Tell them what's happening!

A man with a g*n has h*jacked us.

Give me that.

Did you hear that? Listen carefully.

Bring Space Land's profits from yesterday to two bus stops away from there.

Have a woman bring it by car alone!

Do it before this bus gets there!

If you try to be smart, or call the police, I'll k*ll all the passengers one by one!

Yuri, don't worry.

I'll look for the chance to grab his hand that's holding the p*stol.

That's dangerous. Don't do it.

If it comes to that, I'll do it.

It's all right. We don't have to pass notes.

As long as we whisper, he won't hear us over the sound of the bus.

Do you have proof that you're not his accomplice?

Accomplice?

It's pretty common.

The culprit would pretend to be alone and just in case something happens his accomplice who keeps watch will come to the rescue.

What's wrong?

Impossible. Do you really think so?

I have no choice.

There is no way that Light Yagami can be Kira.

Kira could k*ll the culprit with a heart att*ck.

That's my proof.

Take a look.

FBI?

I see, L is using the FBI to investigate those connected to Japan's police force!

His name is Raye Penber.

I trust you.

I won't ask why an FBI agent is on this bus with us.

-Do you have a g*n? -Yes, I do.

So if something happens, I can rely on you, right?

That's right.

Shut up!

Do you want to die?

That man was on the news two days ago.

He's a drug addict who tried to rob a bank, k*lled three civilians and ran away.

He's a dangerous man.

Don't worry.

He'll never use his w*apon.

Hey, you! Don't move!

What's that piece of paper?

Sneaky.

You were planning something back here with notes, weren't you?

Damn it!

If he sees that note from earlier, he'll discover that Light was planning to jump him when he had the chance!

Look here. Plans for a date?

What an idiot.

All right!

Who the hell are you?

-Who's that at the back? -What?

Don't challenge me.

How did you sneak back there?

What?

Do you mean me?

Hey, can you see me right now?

Don't move!

Or I'll sh**t you, monster!

This isn't good! He's hallucinating!

Everyone, get down!

Okay, I get it!

That note that Light just dropped was cut out of the Death Note.

So he made this guy touch the note and now, only he can see me.

That's brilliant.

Don't come near me!

Sorry.

I'm a Shinigami, a silly g*n like that won't k*ll me.

"Anyone who touches the Death Note will be able to see me.

I'm always hovering behind you.

Shinigami can't die from g*nshots."

These are the things I told Light.

The way he used his skills is pretty impressive.

He's the top-ranked student in this country.

He even used this hijacking to learn the name of his stalker without a sweat.

Stop the bus and open the door.

SPACE LAND

Exactly at 11:45 a.m.

Everything went smoothly as planned.

"Kiichiro Osoreda. k*lled in an accident.

Boards a bus to Space Land exactly at 11:31 a.m. from the bus station near the east entrance of the park, with a g*n in his hand.

But soon see a strange phantom before he fires all his b*ll*ts at it.

Then, he will flee from the bus.

At 11:45 a.m. the same day, he will die in an accident."

The Death Note never fails.

Wait for your turn, Raye Penber.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW It's just as I thought.

He doesn't suspect me at all.

The remaining agents will all die of heart att*cks.

Farewell, Raye Penber.