I'm surprised, Hideki.

I never thought you'd suddenly ask me to play tennis to get to know each other.

Is that a problem?

Not at all.

But did you know about my abilities when you asked me?

It's all right, Light.

I was once the British Junior Champion.

If I ask him if he's British, would he think I'm probing him since I'm Kira?

Fine, I'll give it a try.

Hideki, did you live in Britain?

I lived in Britain for five years, but...

Don't worry.

There's nothing there that can reveal L's identity.

Is that so?

So the first to win a set of six games wins the game, okay?

All right.

This is just a friendly tennis game.

This isn't a test to determine if Light is Kira.

But Kira hates to lose.

Hey, Hideki.

You're serious right from the start!

The person who strikes first wins.

What do you mean that you can't say?

I'm very sorry.

L ordered us to not let anyone outside the task force know, even you, Deputy Director-General.

Even what you are doing and where you're doing it, right?

I'm very sorry.

Souichirou.

It's been more than four months since this case has come to light.

People are saying that the police and L are incompetent.

With all due respect, sir.

Can you really call the police incompetent for being fearful of Kira?

You should see how many people are left at the task force headquarters.

If you're worried about what people are saying, then try not to let them know that a lot of the detectives have run away from Kira!

Excuse me.

Souichirou.

What about L?

Can he be trusted?

I think he's much more capable than we are.

He's putting his life at stake right now.

Are they really amateurs? Who are they?

They're Light Yagami and Hideki Ryuga.

The ones who entered the school this year with top scores.

Don't worry, Light.

Kira hates to lose, but wanting to win this match doesn't make you Kira.

Is getting worked up and going for the win something Kira would do?

Even so, if I lose on purpose, he'll think that I thought trying hard would make me seem like Kira.

So losing on purpose would make me seem like Kira, right?

In the end, it's the same.

There's no way that he would profile me using this tennis game.

He has some other goal in mind.

But even if it is just tennis, I will win!

See, you came in for the win.

All of a sudden, there's an umpire and a line judge.

Captain!

I thought I'd heard of Light Yagami, so I looked him up.

He was the Junior High Champion in 2002 and 2003.

When he won in 2003, he announced that he was quitting once he starts high school.

He hasn't played in any other tournaments since.

Hey!

So what about Hideki?

He's holding himself against the junior high champion.

I can read your feelings, Light Yagami.

There's no way that this game of tennis can deepen our friendship.

We're just going through the motions just so we can say we're better friends.

By playing tennis with you, you will think that I am preparing to take a step closer to you.

And then you're going to try to get me to say something only Kira would know.

But you'll tell me you'll need to know if you can trust me first.

And try to get me to give you details on the Kira case.

If I want to talk about the Kira case, I'm going to have to ask him for proof that he's currently in charge of the Kira case.

So the first thing you're going to want out of me is proof...

From a third party that you really are L.

In other words, -we'll go to the task force headquarters! -We'll go to the task force headquarters!

In life, one can't win just by playing defense.

To win, you need to att*ck.

Wow!

As I expected of you. I lost.

Hideki. It's been a while since I've played seriously.

I'm thirsty.

And I have something I want to ask you, so do you want to get a drink later?

I've lost the game, so I'll tell you whatever I can.

But before that, I have something I must tell you.

What is it?

Light, I suspect that you are actually Kira.

If you still want to ask me something, go ahead.

You think I'm Kira?

Well, even though I'm suspecting you, there's only a one-percent possibility.

Keeping that aside, once I'm sure that you're not Kira and because you have sharp deductive abilities, I'd like for you to work with me on this investigation.

One-percent?

What a nice way to say it.

Even if he suspects me just by a little, I'll have no chance of meeting someone from the task force even if I ask him.

Which means he b*at me to the punch.

He b*at me.

This coffee shop is one of my favorites.

If we sit here, no one will be able to eavesdrop on us.

This is a nice spot you've shown me.

We don't have to worry about how we sit too.

I have to sit like this.

If I sit normally, my deductive skills drop by forty percent.

What did you want to ask me?

Right.

That can wait until you're sure that I'm not Kira.

You can talk about whatever you want to.

Then excuse me, but do you mind if I test your deductive skills?

Yes, okay.

That sounds like fun.

Then, first, Please take a look at this.

These three are pictures of notes that we believe were written by criminals in prison right before they d*ed while being under Kira's control.

Please tell me what you think.

This is interesting.

Really, what a childish trick.

The printed number is written on the back of these photos.

If I pay no attention to this and correctly unscrambled the sentence the way Kira wrote it, "L, did you know, Gods of Death love apples?"

Then I'd most likely be Kira.

But solving this code doesn't prove that I'm Kira.

If Kira couldn't only k*ll people, but control his victims' actions as well. it would be amazing.

And there's a message encoded here taunting you.

If we rearrange the messages and take a look at the top letters of each line, they form another sentence.

Rearranging it into a message that makes sense would probably be...

"L, did you know? Gods of Death love apples."

But there are printed numbers in the back.

If we arrange them in that order, we get, "L, do you know? Love Apples, Gods of Death."

It doesn't make sense and it's hard to think that Kira would have wanted you to read it this way.

Incorrect.

What?

There are actually four photos.

When we add this one, this is what it reads.

"L, did you know? Gods of Death who love apples have red hands."

It's a fake.

This fourth picture is not a message I made a criminal write.

Is he stupid?

But even with the three photos, my deduction was perfect, wasn't it?

It wasn't perfect.

It would have been perfect if you'd figured out there was a fourth one.

Light, even though you knew the message wasn't complete, you concluded that there were only three notes.

You didn't guess that there was a fourth.

This is also true.

Damn him.

I see. He isn't just gauging my deductive abilities.

He's trying to get me to reveal myself.

If I fall into the trap, I'll play right into his hands.

I hadn't thought that far.

Well, whatever the case, it's not something that would lead to Kira.

Gods of Death don't exist.

Then if you were in my shoes, faced with someone who might be Kira, how would you check if he was Kira?

I would try to have him say something that wasn't well-known to the public, but only Kira would know.

Like what you did just now.

Amazing.

I've asked several detectives that same question, but most of them needed a few minutes to answer.

But you immediately thought of a scenario where Kira is talking to the investigator.

Your deductive abilities are amazing.

The more impressive my answers, the more of a suspect I become, it seems.

Yes, by about three percent.

Because of that, I'm more determined to work with you.

Even if you are Kira, I would like for us to work together on this investigation.

Do you know why?

If I cooperate with you the investigation will move forward and if I really am Kira, I might reveal myself.

In other words, you can conduct the investigation while investigating me.

I think it's a great idea.

But aren't you getting the wrong idea, Hideki?

I'm interested in the Kira case and conduct detective work as a hobby, but I am not Kira and I don't want him to k*ll me.

First of all, I have no proof that you aren't Kira either.

It would be absurd for just one of us to be investigated, right?

Neither of us can prove that we're not Kira.

But Hideki, if you are L, I'm sure you can show me proof of that.

Like having someone in the task force or my dad tell me that you really are L in person.

If you can't do that, I can't assist you in your investigation.

You talk a lot, don't you, Light Yagami?

It's typical for someone who hates to lose.

It's seven percent now.

Could he really be...

I never said that I wouldn't let you meet anyone from the task force headquarters.

I am currently working with your dad.

If I take you to headquarters, you'll help with the investigation.

Is that what you're saying?

What is he thinking of?

Excuse me.

Me too.

Yes?

Ryuzaki, something terrible has happened.

Light, your dad has...

Light!

My dad had a heart att*ck!

Well, see you tomorrow.

I'll bring the things that you need.

Light, I leave the rest to you.

Okay.

You're sure it's just fatigue, right?

Yes.

When I collapsed, I thought it was Kira, but I'm all right.

I've been pushing myself a bit hard lately.

Especially since your son has been suspected of being Kira.

You've told that to my dad?


Yes.

I've told him everything.

Even the fact that I'm L.

That's right. He's L.

We call him Ryuzaki so others can't find out, but he's none other than L.

He's the real L. My dad is telling me this.

Probably the same L who has been ordering the police until now.

If I get rid of him and the investigative team...

No, it's probably not that simple.

There's no need to rush. I'll have time to spy from here on.

If worse comes to worst, I'll just be Light Yagami who's worried about his dad.

So Ryuzaki, has talking with my son cleared your suspicions?

I'll say that I suspect him, but it's only a little.

I'll explain once more.

Kira k*lled 12 FBI agents who were in Japan.

They were tracking those who were connected to the Japanese police.

One of them was Raye Penber.

There were many suspicious things surrounding his death.

And I was one of the people he was investigating.

It's no wonder I'm a suspect.

No, it's as Hideki says, there is no one else to suspect.

Your deductive ability is quite impressive.

It's always quick and accurate.

Hideki, I'll cooperate with you on this investigation.

My dad has vouched that you're L.

Also, I want to catch Kira and prove that I'm not him.

Light.

Soon, you're going to have to study to enter the police force.

It won't be too late to do this afterward.

Dad, what are you talking about?

I don't know how many years that'll take.

I promised you, didn't I?

If something happened to you, I'd be the one to get Kira ex*cuted.

There's no way that my son can be Kira.

It's hard to believe this is all an act.

No, if it is an act, it's too corny.

Light, listen to me.

The important thing is, Kira is evil.

But recently, I've been thinking about it in this way.

The real evil is the power to k*ll people.

People who attained that kind of power are unlucky.

No matter how you use it, nothing gained by k*lling people can bring true happiness.

It is what he says.

If Kira is an ordinary person who gained this power, then he is a very unlucky person.

Ryuzaki, I'm sorry for causing you trouble.

I'll try to recover quickly.

Excuse me.

Visiting hours are already over.

Hideki.

Is there any way that I can get you to believe that I'm not Kira?

If you aren't Kira, there wouldn't be any need to do that.

Cut that out! Think about how it feels to be accused of being Kira.

It feels horrible.

How about keeping watch over me in a place without even TV for a month?

Would someone really go that far to clear their name?

I can't do that.

I can't do anything which would deprive you of basic human rights.

Furthermore, it's nonsense to take suggestions from the suspect.

I see.

It's all right.

We'll know in time if you're not Kira.

Also, seeing you talk with your dad, I thought that you might not be Kira.

Take care of your dad.

One more thing.

I said that I would cooperate with the investigation, but I don't think I can do anything until my dad is well again.

I understand.

Until then.

Hideki Ryuga.

Ryuzaki.

He's the L I've been fighting.

What is his real name?

Light Yagami, are you not Kira?

Ryuk.

Yes?

I never once felt unlucky since I picked up this notebook and gained this power.

I'm wonderfully happy and I'll create a wonderful world.

I don't care if finding the notebook has made you feel happy or unlucky.

But it seems like people who have Shinigami attached to them experience nothing, but misfortunes.

Then I shall show you an exception to the rule.

I'd appreciate that.

What is it? Is this the only plan you can think of?

You think we'll get good ratings if we do special programs on Kira, don't you?

We've been getting good ratings because we cover stories that other stations don't!

Do you understand?

The problem is with the story.

Someone bring me a good story!

But the police are keeping quiet about this, so it's hopeless.

Idiot!

If we don't have any stories, just make something up!

What?

Director Demegawa, it's a special delivery.

What is this?

Who are these from?

What?

This is what I'm talking about. This is what I want from all of you.

Wow, this is just too good!

"A message to the world from Kira.

If you don't broadcast this, I'll k*ll all of you, starting with your president."

Who wouldn't air this?

If this is the real deal, it's amazing.

Hey, I'm so happy, my heart's racing!

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW If I leave things as they are, I might be gone within the next four days.

God is really on my side.

Only this time, it's not really God, but a Shinigami, a God of Death.
