I withdraw from the ownership of this notebook.

Take care of Misa.

Mr. Stalker.

Hey, Mr. Stalker.

Where are you?

It's time for us to stop playing this game.

Stalker?

What is she talking about?

Her attitude has totally changed.

Exactly as I expected.

As long as I have Ryuk's notebook, even if I give up Rem's, my memory of Rem remains.

But still, Rem, I have to suffer this trouble because you brought another Death Note to the Human World.

Are you sure about this, Light?

Yes.

I must admit, I never thought that the notebook I bestowed upon you would end up buried and forsaken.

Listen to me, Ryuk.

For the time being, I'm just hiding it in the ground.

I won't get rid of it until I say so the next time.

Regardless of the context in which I say it, assume that I want to discard the notebook.

Understood.

Mr. Stalker, this is a crime.

Stop it.

Please, Mr. Stalker.

She's been acting like this ever since she regained her consciousness.

Does she really think she can escape the interrogation by acting dumb?

Okay, I know.

Could you at least take off my blindfold?

I really want to see what you look like.

Mr. Matsuda, give Mr. Mogi a call.

Sorry?

Okay.

Here.

Mr. Mogi, when you apprehended Misa, you told her clearly what we suspect her of, right?

Yes, exactly as you told me.

I blindfolded her and cover her mouth from behind and told her that she was apprehended on suspicion of being the Second Kira.

She didn't seem to resist the handcuffs and the eye mask.

She might have given up.

I'll give you an autograph or shake your hand.

You know what? I'll give you a kiss on the cheek.

Okay? I promise I won't run away!

We have made so much progress with her.

Why is she suddenly talking about a stalker?

Misa Amane.

Yes, Mr. Stalker?

Am I going to be released?

You were quiet before you fell asleep.

You even asked us to k*ll you.

Are you trying to mess with us?

What are you talking about?

You're the one who knocked me out and brought me here, aren't you?

What now?

Do you want to investigate me to fulfill your fantasy?

It seems like it, doesn't it?

Do you know you're detained?

What do you mean?

Is it because I'm an idol?

You're the first stalker who's ever gone this far.

You're creeping me out.

Cut it out, Misa! Quit fooling around!

You're scaring me. What's happening?

I can't stand it anymore! Please let me go!

You have to let me go!

That's right. I have to go to the bathroom again.

Let me go to the bathroom!

You just went to the bathroom four minutes ago.

Just hold it in.

What? That's the only time you let me move!

Don't you want to watch me wet again? Is that what you want?

You pervert!

Are you calling me a pervert?

Misa.

Let's seriously talk about what happened before you went to sleep.

Do you know who Light Yagami is?

If so, why did you approach him?

What are you talking about? How can I not know my own boyfriend?

She refused to speak about it earlier.

Now, she's openly admitting their status?

What's going on?

It's from Light.

Turn the visual and sound off.

All right.

Yes.

Yes, I understand.

We're in room K2801.

Is my son coming here?

Ryuzaki.

As I said over the phone, I think I may be Kira.

That's impossible!

Light, what are you talking about?

Why would you say that?

Tell me!

There's no proof that Light Yagami is Kira.

But why did he confess so?

It's an act.

It's not that you may be Kira, but you are Kira.

What do you wish to accomplish by doing this?

Dad.

If Ryuzaki is L, he's truly the world's best detective.

Right now, L has decided that I am Kira.

I just need to play along.

What are you saying, Light?

What about that FBI agent, Raye Penber?

I was investigating him in Japan right before he d*ed.

And I'm the one who went to Aoyama on May 22.

Also, I'm the first person that the alleged Second Kira, Misa, approached in the Kanto region.

It's all me.

If I were in L's place, I would've thought so too.

Look, I may subconsciously be Kira.

And I might know it.

Light...

I see.

So you're not conscious of it?

I'm not sure of anything anymore.

Even if I have no memory of it, there could be another me who's k*lling people as I sleep.

That's not possible.

What do you mean, Ryuzaki?

To be honest, there was a time when I put surveillance cameras in your room for five consecutive days.

Cameras?

Right.

Every single night, you slept normally.

Those broadcast criminals you don't know were dying.

But even if you were Kira, you wouldn't give yourself away on camera.

Thus, those footages can't prove your innocence.

Won't give myself away?

That may be true.

Well, up to a certain point, I found myself believing that some criminals should die.

If I have such repelling thought and belief, how can I be sure that I'm not actually him?

Hold on Light!

I believe the same thing!

Sometimes, I found myself thinking that some people would be better off dead.

Even so, that doesn't mean that we'd go out and k*ll people, right?

Besides, criminals were still k*lled while you had no knowledge of them.

The surveillance cameras proved that!

No.

We watched him only when he was home then because we were short of manpower.

During those five days, we weren't able to watch him all the time.

He may have had his way of k*lling people when he wasn't home.

All of these were premeditated and you expected this to happen, right?

But if we imprison you for a long time like Misa, and criminals appearing at large still continue to die, it would then lead us to conclude that Light Yagami is innocent.

Is that your plan?

Honestly, I don't like where this conversation is going, but we don't have a choice.

Do it.

Fully restrain Light Yagami and put him in a cell.

-Have you lost... -Are you really going to detain Light?

If you agree, we need to do it immediately.

You're not as free to go anywhere where I can't keep track of you.

You're out of your mind!

There's no way that my son is Kira.

-My son is not capable of... -It's fine, Dad.

Light.

Listen.

As long as I have this doubt in my head, I can't work alongside with your team to catch Kira.

In exchange, you can't set me free. Until you're convinced that I'm not Kira with utter certainty.

Don't let me free regardless of my conditions and what I might say throughout the interrogation period.

Understood.

Mr. Yagami.

Could you come up with an excuse for Light's absence for your family?

And please do it quickly.

What can I say? Everything is happening so fast.

I see no reason for him to be in prison like a criminal.

Let's get it done with, Dad.

I won't be able to live in peace unless I know the truth.

Do you really want to do this, Light?

Yes.

By taking away my freedom, I'll be able to overcome the fear of Kira that creeps within me.

Mr. Aizawa, please take care of this.

All right.

FIRST DAY OF CONFINEMENT All that's left is to discard the notebook.

So, are apples out of the questions now?

Ryuzaki.

Please take me off of the investigation.

Chief!

My son is being held as the main suspect.

I think I should go.

I couldn't be objective if I'm here.

When we were talking about confining him earlier, my personal feelings got in the way.

That's right.

We should be impartial.

If my son is proven guilty, I don't know what I should do next.

Yes.

I can see that you'd k*ll your son and commit su1c1de.

So you shouldn't be here during the investigation.

Ryuzaki!

Could you possibly confine me too?

I'm calm at the moment.

But frankly, I'm not sure how much longer I can restrain myself.

I thought you might say something like that, so I've asked Watari to make arrangements.

What?

Although you'll be imprisoned, please keep your cell phone on as usual.

Maintain regular contact with your family and friends.

We won't tell Light about this.

If Light calls you, talk to him as if you're still here inside the headquarters.

While you're confined, we'll continue to update you on everything that is happening during the investigation.

Are you okay with that?

I owe you, Ryuzaki.

THIRD DAY OF CONFINEMENT

Mr. Stalker, I want to take a bath.

You know where I live, don't you? Please bring me some clean clothes.

The situation has gotten even more bizarre.

I feel so sorry for the chief.

Ryuzaki, talk to me.

In the last two days, were there any new criminal identified that could be Kira's target?

Did Kira k*ll anyone?

Few criminals have been broadcast.

But since you've been detained, none of them were m*rder*d.

Is no one k*lled?

Really?


Yes.

I see.

And soon I'll be convicted as Kira.

Oh man, I want to eat an apple.

What's going on?

I thought that the murders would continue even with Light Yagami confined.

Instead, they completely stopped.

Light asked to be confined in the first place, but that would mean that he's Kira.

Now the question is whether he was conscious of being Kira.

If he is, does he think he can get away with saying that he wasn't conscious of what he did?

This isn't like Light Yagami.

No, this is not like Kira.

FIFTH DAY OF CONFINEMENT I can't take it, Light.

If I don't eat an apple soon...

I just have to get through it even if there's nothing to do.

Mr. Stalker.

Your video won't sell if you only record me sitting here all the time.

It seems like Mr. Yagami is taking this harder than Light or Misa.

What do you expect?

It's been five days since Light has been imprisoned.

And so far, not a single criminal who's been broadcast has d*ed.

In times like this, I suppose the parents suffer more than the suspect themselves.

Especially since now, it's almost definite that Light is Kira.

Mr. Yagami.

What is it? Is it bad or good news?

No. I would suggest you to compose yourself.

Mr. Yagami, mulling over things wouldn't accomplish anything.

The outcome will remain the same.

Perhaps you should rest in a more comfortable place.

Impossible!

There's no place comfortable enough to withstand such predicament!

In the state I'm in now, this is the best place for me.

No matter what the result is, when I leave this place, I'll leave with my son!

I understand.

SEVENTH DAY OF CONFINEMENT

Light. it's only been one week, but you're looking worn out.

Are you okay there?

Now that I've come this far, I think it's about time.

Yes.

I know I probably look terrible in here, but I don't need such useless pride.

I'll get rid of it.

All right.

Got it.

See you later.

What am I doing here?

Ryuzaki.

I know I agreed to be detained and chose to do this.

But now I just realized that this is completely pointless!

It's because I'm not Kira!

You must get me out of here!

I can't do that.

We promised that no matter what you said, I wouldn't let you out until I'm convinced that you're not Kira.

I wasn't thinking clearly then!

Do you really think that a serial k*ller like Kira could commit crimes without being conscious of it?

I don't have memories of his crimes, so I'm not Kira!

I've never believed the suspicion that Kira has been acting without self-awareness all this time.

But every evidence shows that he is Kira.

As soon as you were detained, Kira hasn't committed a single m*rder.

Ryuzaki, hear me out.

I swear to you I'm not lying.

I'm not Kira.

I can only think that I've been framed!

What's wrong, Light Yagami?

What you're saying doesn't make sense.

But for some reason, what you said is believable to me.

Get me out of here quickly. Let's not waste more time.

I'm afraid I can't do that.

Damn it. How did this happen?

What's going on?

Light is acting so weird.

He's contradicting himself. It makes no logical sense.

Now that the murders have stopped, we can't release him regardless of what he said.

Even I know that.

Well, I don't care what anyone says.

As long as I'm concerned, we have all the proof.

And that's the end of it.

FIFTEENTH DAY OF CONFINEMENT What's going on?

Two weeks' worth of criminals were m*rder*d all at once yesterday!

Yes.

Kira is back.

Have you told the chief yet?

Not yet.

Sir, Kira has started k*lling again!

What?

It looks like Kira was just resting.

Now, he's started punishing criminals again.

Are you sure, Touta?

That means, my son...

Well, I shouldn't be happy that the murders have occurred.

But at least, my son's name is cleared.

No.

Knowing Ryuzaki, he won't say he's cleared just yet.

Well, he's in the grey then.

Did you hear that, sir?

Right, that's better than being completely guilty.

Thank goodness.

I'm sure he'll be cleared soon.

-Okay, let me tell Light too... -Matsuda!

Please don't.

Matsuda?

This isn't something that you should tell Light.

Why not?

Light.

What is it, Ryuzaki?

It's already been over two weeks. There haven't been any new killings.

Let's not make this harder. Are you ready to confess that you're Kira?

Don't say stupid things like that, Ryuzaki.

You're wrong.

I can understand why you deduced from the investigation that I'm Kira.

But this is a trap.

I'm not Kira!

Zoom in on me and look straight into my eyes!

Tell me then if these eyes belong to someone who's lying!

Misa.

You're really sure that you don't know who Kira is, do you?

What? That again? How am I supposed to know him?

If I do, I would've thanked him for k*lling the burglar who k*lled my parents.

He's the hero of justice.

I have no idea what's going on here.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW That's crazy!

Wait, Dad!

If we die here, the truth will never be revealed!

Do you believe L more than your own son?

Dad!