YAGAMI Light, Ryuzaki would like you to help with the investigation.

If you're interested, come here quickly.

All right, Dad.

I was thinking of a way to get involved in the investigation.

Who would've thought L himself would approach me.

I'll be able to get information on the investigation and about the fake Kira.

I need to find out about the fake Kira before anyone else in the task force.

Thank you, Light.

No problem.

We both want to catch Kira, Hideki.

Please call me Ryuzaki while you are here.

-I'm Taro. -I'm Aihara.

And I'm Asahi.

I see.

Well, does that make me Light Asahi?

That's good.

I will call you Light while you are here.

Let's get to business.

I want you to examine our current information on Kira and videos that were sent to television station but was never released to the public.

You should not take any material or notes from this room.

I understand.

In that case, let's start.

Light...

PREVIOUS NIGHT So, we will hide the possibility of a second Kira, and have Light Yagami help us with the investigation.

But wouldn't it be hard for us if Light helps with the investigation?

That's true.

Why should he work with us anyway?

No. We only need to hide this until he watches this video and give his opinions.

Light's deductive skills are amazing.

When he sees the videos, he may even deduce that this is the work of a second Kira.

It has to be the Second Kira because Kira normally would never punish them.

They only committed minor crimes.

But that is the only basis you have. Isn't that right, Ryuzaki?

That's not the only reason.

We assumed until now that Kira needs a face and a name to k*ll.

Yet, based on the fact that Mr. Ukita was k*lled when he arrived at the television station and how Kira said that he could k*ll L by just having him appear on the television, we can conclude that the Second Kira can k*ll by just seeing people's face.

So, I'll have Light look at the case and the video.

If he is able to deduce that there may be a second Kira, then he's almost clear from the suspicion.

What do you mean, Ryuzaki?

If he's Kira, he'd want to k*ll me because I'm the leader of the investigation.

At this rate, if I go along with the demands of the Second Kira, I will die after appearing on television in three days' time.

I doubt Kira would miss an opportunity like this to k*ll me.

So what if my son didn't manage to deduce that there is a second Kira?

Will you continue to suspect him?

No. If that happens, it will remain at five percent or lower.

And we'll reveal to him that we are investigating the possibility of a second Kira and have him help us.

I trust that you believe I'm Kira by now.

-On given date... -Watching this video makes me feel so disgusted.

Is that just because I'm the real Kira?

This is far more serious than just about tarnishing Kira's image.

But why has no one offered giving me any explanation about this video?

This is strange.

Either way, I better not say anything stupid regarding this video.

If I leave things as they are, L will die.

What do you think, Light? Can you deduce something from it?

This bastard...

There is a possibility that there is more than one person who has Kira's power.

Kira's power? What are you saying, Light?

There is a possibility that this is not the same Kira we've known until now.

Up to now, Kira would never use suspects like in this broadcast.

And considering the fact that Kira needs a face and a name to k*ll, isn't it strange that he was able to k*ll the police officer who happened to go to the television station?

It's the same.

L... No.

That's exactly the same theory as Ryuzaki!

Well done, Light.

You should be cleared of the suspicion.

That's right, Light.

I also believe that there is a second Kira.

I knew it.

You already knew, Hideki?

No. I mean, Ryuzaki.

Were you testing me?

I wasn't testing you.

People won't believe it if I'm the only one who thinks that there is a second Kira.

Since we have come to the same conclusion, my theory becomes more convincing.

You're extremely helpful to me, Light.

Thank you so much.

So, it's decided.

Firstly, we have to stop the Second Kira.

He evidently sympathizes with Kira and is not very intelligent.

I think he'll even obey the real Kira.

So if we pretend to be Kira and send him a fake message, we may have a chance to stop him.

As I expected of you, Ryuzaki.

I was also thinking that would be the best idea.

Light.

I would like you to act as the real Kira.

Me?

Yes. With your intelligence, it shouldn't be a problem.

We don't really have a lot of time.

Could you write a message from Kira to be aired on tonight's news?

This bastard...

He was planning to bring me here and play this role from the start.

Is this okay, Ryuzaki?

I think I've portrayed Kira convincingly.

It's very good.

But unless you take out the part that says, "You're free to k*ll L,"

I'll die.

Well, if I were in Kira's shoes, I'm sure that he would like it if you are k*lled.

It was just a joke.

You can change it to whatever you like.

Okay.

Mr. Aihara, the message is ready. I will leave it to you.

Okay.

A shocking thing has happened.

In response to the video that was sent by Kira and aired on Sakura TV, another person claiming to be the real Kira has appeared.

In addition, he has demanded several television stations to air his message.

The police has agreed for the video to be broadcasted.

Is this the real Kira? Is this another Kira?

Firstly, please take a look at the video sent in by Kira.

I am Kira.

I did it! I got a response from Kira!

I am the real Kira.

The videos sent to Sakura TV were not from Kira.

I'm being lenient to the one who's using my name because I know he was only trying to help me.

However, k*lling innocent people is against my beliefs.

If the person who's using my name shares my ideals and wants to help me, he must stop k*lling aimlessly and try to understand my basic principles.

-If you ignore this warning, -Let's see! The video!

-and keep being... -What will you do?

I will send a reply to him obviously.

SEVERAL DAYS LATER Ryuzaki! We received a reply from the Second Kira.

-What? -It's here!

I will bring the entire envelope over, but I will play a copy on the computer.

Thank you for the reply, Kira.

I will do as you ask.

-Wow! -We did it.

"I will do as you ask."

I can't tell if I can use him.

If he truly understands Kira's feelings, he should have forced L to appear on television and k*ll him.

Don't fall for this. Damn it!

I want to meet you, Kira.

I believe you don't have the eyes, but I won't k*ll you.

You don't have to worry.

Is he a fool?

Talking about Shinigami eyes on a video that will be aired to the whole world.

He just said that he didn't have the eyes.

-What does that mean? -Who knows?

Please tell me how we can meet without the police finding out.

Once we meet, let's show our Shinigamis together to confirm our identities.

-Shinigami? -Shinigami?

This guy is hopeless.

I have to do something quickly.

What is it?

Ryuzaki!

Are you okay?

Shinigami?

Are we supposed to accept that such things exist?

Of course not.

There's no such thing.

That's right, Ryuzaki.

There is no way that Shinigamis actually exist.

Kira used those criminals in prison to write something about Shinigamis.

If that is true, can we assume that this is the same Kira?

They say the same things because it's the same person.

That's impossible, Dad.

He wouldn't have replied to our video if this is the same Kira from before.

The real Kira wouldn't go through this trouble and prevented L from going on television to be k*lled.

Then, the real Kira and the Second Kira might have established a connection.

They decided to use the word "Shinigami" to confuse our investigation.

That is impossible.

Light is right.

If both Kira were connected, I doubt that he would stop from trying to k*ll me.

The Second Kira is acting independently and is not connected to the real Kira.

He desires to meet the real Kira.

Exactly.

He's acting out of interest in Kira.

Perhaps the word "Shinigami" refers to their ability to k*ll.

"Let's show our Shinigamis together to confirm our identities," could mean that they will confirm their identities by showing their ability to k*ll.

That could be right.

The word "Shinigami" is a word of some significance between Kira and Second Kira.

We should try to get him to clarify the meaning.


So are you going to respond again?

If we probe too deeply, he'll realize that we're not Kira.

No.

I will leave it to Kira and Second Kira.

Leave it to them?

I assume Second Kira is content after receiving a reply from Kira.

He believes that he has Kira's attention.

Besides, he's also using a word only the two of them would understand.

We'll air this reply on Sakura TV during the six o'clock news.

The real Kira will be watching the exchange between the Second Kira and the fake Kira that we made up.

The real Kira would want to prevent any contact between the police and Second Kira.

If we are lucky, the real Kira might respond.

But what if Kira doesn't respond?

Well, I thought of what the Second Kira would do in this situation.

But if he exposes more information that Kira wouldn't want the police to know and makes Kira feel nervous and mad, in order to force Kira into meeting him...

That could be very interesting.

It would be even more interesting if Kira gets frightened and sends a reply to avoid that.

We might have a chance to obtain some physical evidence from Kira himself.

At the same time, let's focus on pursuing the Second Kira.

That's good.

That's it!

That was very great, Misa.

It was wonderful!

I'm completely exhausted.

Being a model sure uses a lot of energy!

Hey, Rem.

I want to ask you something.

What is it?

A Shinigami needs to have a Death Note.

So to give one to a human to play with, the Shinigami needs to have two.

Does that mean Ryuk, who gave the Death Note to Kira, was able to trick the Shinigami King?

That's right.

Did you do that too?

No.

It isn't easy to fool the Shinigami King.

So, how did you do it?

Well, let's say that I'm one of the few in the Shinigami Realm who actually know how to k*ll a Shinigami.

I see.

So you k*lled a Shinigami and gave me his Death Note.

No. I didn't k*ll him.

I just happened to be there when a Shinigami d*ed.

So, tell me how to k*ll a Shinigami.

You must not tell anyone, okay?

The way to k*ll a Shinigami is to make them fall in love with a human.

What a beautiful way to k*ll.

There was once a Shinigami named Gelus who used to watch a particular girl from the Shinigami Realm.

From the Shinigami Realm, Gelus was always watching that girl.

It's today, right? The end of that girl's life.

She looks fine. I wonder why is it today?

I wonder why is it today?

I was curious on how is she going to die, so I decided to watch with him.

She was walking alone late at night on the street.

And then...

A man suddenly appeared from the alley and confessed his love for the girl.

I love you more than anyone in this world!

I want to watch and protect you forever!

She didn't even know the man.

The girl naturally turned him down.

Then, I'll k*ll you before I k*ll myself!

Hey, don't do it!

Gelus did something that no Shinigami should ever do.

Gelus used his Death Note to save that girl.

But that is not allowed.

Shinigamis exist to shorten human lives.

At that moment, Gelus turns into something which was neither sand nor rust and d*ed.

Only his Death Note remained.

Then, the remaining life of Gelus was added to the girl whose life he saved.

The Shinigami wouldn't have d*ed if he wasn't in love with that girl, right?

That's right.

So...

The person who saved me that day was a Shinigami named Gelus.

Right.

Gelus was in love with you.

That's why that notebook is yours.

Okay.

I see.

So, you k*ll a Shinigami by making him fall in love with a human and save that person.

Rem, what about you? Aren't you falling for me?

Give it up. You can't k*ll me.

Did you figure it out?

Now I have something else to tell Kira.

I wonder if he knows how to k*ll a Shinigami?

I told him on television to find a way for us to meet.

But he hasn't responded.

Maybe I should tell him something again.

This is bad.

There is no way I can leave the Second Kira alone like this.

If the Second Kira makes a critical mistake and gets captured by the police, the police may find out about the Death Note.

Welcome.

A strawberry sundae, please.

Coming right up.

So what should I do now?

How can I talk to the Second Kira without L noticing?

Thank you for waiting.

I want to meet Kira quickly!

Whatever it is, I wonder what kind of a person are you, Fake Kira?

I wonder what kind of a person are you, Kira?

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW On May 22, we looked at each other's notebooks in Aoyama.

If the Second Kira is captured, I'll have to get my hands on his notebook.

In the worst case scenario, I may have to k*ll everyone there.
