Right. I have to take off this belt.

What? Again?

He'll just have to get used to our security system.

Enough!

How about this?

Good morning!

What happened to your forehead?

You mean this?

Well, I had a fight with my wife and...

I have a kid, so it looks like I'll be commuting.

Yes. You should live at home.

What a waste.

These rooms are amazing.

You and your whole family should move here.

Don't lump me together with a carefree bachelor like you.

-Where's Ryuzaki? -He's on a date.

The three of them are in Misa-Misa's room.

Surveillance cameras?

Well, I guess it can't be helped since we think Amane might be involved with the second Kira.

Also, Matsuda, don't call her Misa-Misa!

Okay.

Hey.

This doesn't feel like a date.

Don't mind me.

Anyway, aren't you going to eat that piece of cake?

Sweets have calories, so I try to control my intake.

If you use your head, you can still eat desserts without gaining weight.

Hey! You're making fun of me again!

If I let you have my cake, will you leave me alone with Light?

Even if I leave you two alone, I'd still watch through the cameras.

It makes no difference.

You pervert! Stop doing this! It's shameful.

Call me whatever you like. I'm taking your cake.

Fine! I'll just close the curtains and switch off the lights.

We also have infrared cameras.

On a different note, despite moving into a fully-equipped headquarters, you don't seem very enthusiastic, Ryuzaki.

Enthusiastic?

It's not that. Actually, I'm kind of depressed.

Depressed?

Yes.

All this time, I thought you were Kira.

I'm just shocked that my conclusion was wrong.

But I'm still suspicious of you, that's why I have this.

Kira can control people's actions.

Basically, Kira was controlling you to make me suspect that you were Kira.

You and Misa were both controlled by Kira.

When I think about that, things seem to be in the same ballpark.

So that means Misa and I were controlled, but doesn't that still mean that we're Kira?

Yes, I don't think my speculations are wrong.

You're both Kira.

You were Kira the moment you were locked up.

While you were there, criminals stopped dying.

You were Kira until then, so it works out.

But after two weeks, Kira reappeared and criminals started to die again.

Based on that evidence, I think Kira's power can be passed to another person.

That's an intriguing idea.

But if that is true, it would be hard to catch Kira.

Yes. That's why I'm at my wit's end.

Even if we catch those under Kira's control, the power will be passed on and the former won't remember anything.

That means it's a futile attempt to catch anyone.

But it hasn't been decided yet, right?

Cheer up.

Cheer up?

I can't.

No, it's better to not try so hard.

Our lives will be in danger if we try so hard to chase him.

Don't you think so?

Ryuzaki.

That hurts.

Stop messing around.

You won't do anything just because I'm not Kira and your conclusion was wrong?

I may have said it wrongly.

What I'm saying is that we shouldn't try so hard...

We'll never catch him if we don't pursue him!

Do you realize how many innocent people you've dragged in this case?

Besides that, you're the one who locked us up!

I know.

But whatever the reason...

An eye for an eye.

I'm not saying my conclusion was wrong.

The fact is, it won't be solved by saying that "Light Yagami is Kira" and "Misa Amane is the Second Kira."

So I was a bit depressed.

I'm only human. Why can't I feel that way?

This is not good.

The way you talk.

It's as if you won't be happy unless Kira is me.

I won't be happy unless you're Kira?

That may be true.

I just realized that I wanted you to be Kira.

An eye for an eye.

I'll make sure you know that I'm pretty strong.

Let's call the room and stop them!

-Yes? -Please listen, Ryuzaki.

Misa-Misa topped the reader popularity poll for Eighteen Magazine!

Yes, I see.

So it has been decided that she'll be the heroine in the next Nishinaka film.

What's the matter?

Touta is acting stupid again.

Well, Touta is a natural at that.

I can hear you.

TWO MONTHS LATER

Ryuzaki, I know you don't feel like it, but come over here for a second.

Check this out.

Isn't it imbalanced?

All three of them used to be prominent Japanese businessmen.

All of them d*ed of heart att*cks.

As a result, Yotsuba's stock prices hiked and those of other companies dropped.

In other words, some deaths were in Yotsuba's favor.

In retrospect, there have been as many as 13 such cases in the past three months.

What do you think?

I can only conclude that Kira is supporting Yotsuba.

Yes. But if that is true, then punishing the criminals is not Kira's true objective.

Yeah. He punishes criminals as a decoy and kills people for the benefit of his company.

What do you think? Are you fired up now?

It's amusing how well this has gone, yet nobody is suspecting us.

Yotsuba's benefits and stock prices have increased gradually, but steadily.

Yes.

It seems that everything goes according to our calculations.

It's just that I'm worried about one thing.

Why did the three people we k*lled last week die of heart att*cks?

Aren't they supposed to have accidents?

That was probably because we chose the accident to happen at the Coastal Bay Route.

He was not at home at the specified time, but had run off to Italy with a woman.

So if the request is not possible...

Kira used heart att*cks as a basis to k*ll the person.

It's like I told you last week.

If you ask for accidental deaths and death by disease, they're done in a natural way in the shortest amount of time.

Anyway, the police must be too busy investigating the deaths of criminals.

If someone could trace their deaths back to us, he must be the real deal.

Besides, we've taken the precautions.

Chief! You too, Kanzou! Great job!

It's amazing!

With Light's help, the theory that Kira has something to do with the Yotsuba Group has become stronger.

Yotsuba?

Yes.

That's probably the case, Matsuda.

What?

We just heard from the Director that Kira has offered bribes to the politicians.

Kira said as long as the police don't go after him, he won't target any politician.

The police gave in to Kira.

What?

Kanzou has made his decision, but...

Touta, Shuuichi.

If you still want to pursue Kira, then turn in your letters of resignation to the NPA with Kanzou and me.

We can't pursue Kira anymore unless we quit the police force.

What do you mean?

It's simple.

We were told that we would be fired if we keep pursuing Kira with L.

So then, Chief. Have you...

In a few hours, I won't be your chief anymore.

But you all have your own lives.

Think hard before making a decision.

That's right.

Especially those who are married and have children.

I think you all should retain your job positions.

I worked alone anyway and thank you for sticking with me this far.

But I can do this on my own.

I'll visit you guys at the precinct and bring you Kira's head as a gift.

Ryuzaki! As long as I'm here, you won't be alone.

You have my word!

That's right.

I'll be working with Light in hopes of catching Kira.

But everyone else should retain their positions.

But you told us that you needed police assistance in this case.

That's because the police was the only one chasing Kira, so he won't be excused.

I don't really think the help of those who quit the police force can be considered as police assistance.

Also, the police have decided not to catch Kira, so that's enough.

It's true that we can't help much if we quit the police force.

But what about our feelings?

We've risked our lives to catch Kira.

We should have a right to decide whether to stay here or keep our jobs!

Maybe you're right.

Then decide on what you want to do.

But Chief, if you quit the police force, you'll be jobless.

Even if we catch Kira, what would you do after that?

After that?

I haven't thought of that, but after we catch Kira, I guess I'll look for a job again.

I've decided!

I'm also quitting the police force. I'll go after Kira!

I still have to be Misa-Misa's manager!

Besides, if I keep this job, I'd feel like a loser...

Watch your mouth, Touta.

What if I keep this job and help you in my spare time?

That's a bad idea.

If you keep this job, please don't come back here.

-I won't leak information... -I won't give you any information.


As detectives, you're free to be in pursuit of Kira.

But I don't think it's right to quit your job and harm your families just to chase Kira.

It's just like what Ryuzaki says.

No one will blame you if you quit now.

That's right. No one will think of you as a betrayer!

But Chief, you have a family too.

Our circumstances are different.

That's unfair.

I want to stay here too.

I was prepared to get k*lled at any time.

Also, if I quit here, how will I deal with Hirokazu?

Damn!

Why can't a detective working for the police force chase Kira?

Ryuzaki.

In case anything happened to a member of the task force, even if they were fired, you asked me to make preparations so that financial support would be offered to their families to make sure their livelihood are well taken care of.

Why didn't you tell them that?

Watch your mouth, Watari.

I'm sorry.

So our livelihood is secured?

Aren't you glad, Shuuichi?

Ryuzaki.

Were you waiting to see if I would quit to join you?

It's not like that, Shuuichi.

Ryuzaki just won't say it out loud.

-That's right. -No.

I was testing you.

I wanted to see which one you would choose.

Ryuzaki.

All right!

I'll quit and remain a police officer!

Shuuichi!

I couldn't make a quick decision like you all.

I toyed with the idea of being a police officer.

-Don't be so stubborn. -No! I quit!

Once again, I realize something.

I hate Ryuzaki!

I hate the way he does everything!

But I like people like you.

I also can't stand it when he says things so shamelessly!

I quit!

Thank you for your hard work.

I found another one.

The branch manager of Yotsuba's biggest rival bank, d*ed on September seventh when he slipped on the steps of his home.

September seventh was on Friday.

I found out the deaths that are beneficial to Yotsuba and I focused on the weekend.

What? Really?

At first, the times of death were random, but slowly, it was focused on Friday nights through Saturday afternoons.

It's amazing you noticed that, Chief!

I told you, I'm no longer the Chief.

No, you'll always be the Chief to me!

This should be some sort of hint, Dad.

I haven't lost to you and Ryuzaki yet.

I don't want to be a burden.

A burden?

Is Kira a part of Yotsuba?

Or is Kira using Yotsuba?

I haven't figured that out yet.

But let's find out while assuming that this is Kira's doing.

We should thoroughly investigate Yotsuba!

Here's a list of domestic employees in the Yotsuba Group.

Thank you very much.

There are 300,000 of them?

You compiled it so quickly. That's amazing, Mr. Mogi.

Mr. Mogi has been amazing from the start.

Ryuzaki!

Is there anything I can do besides being a manager?

-Do you want to make yourself useful? -Yes!

Then could you get me another cup of coffee?

What?

Also, for our guests over there.

-Who are they? -When did they get in?

They are our new members.

I'm Aiber, a con man. Nice to meet you.

Wedy. I'm a professional thief.

A con man and a thief?

Yes.

Aiber has excellent social skills. He is a con man who can trick our target.

He could do infiltrative investigations.

Wedy is a thief who can cr*ck any lock, safe, or security system.

As proof, she entered without any of us noticing.

We'll work together with criminals?

They're criminals, but they can't be found and be k*lled by Kira.

Think of them as the experts of the underworld.

I see.

If we want to investigate Yotsuba, we need people like them.

Let's all work together and do our best!

-Yes! -Yes.

-What? -It's Dad.

-What? -Dad!

Yumi.

Eriko.

What are you doing here?

At least tell me if you're coming home.

I didn't buy enough food.

You can have half of my croquette!

Sorry.

I haven't had a break for quite a while, so I got some time off.

What? Is "time off" a break?

Yes, that's what it is.

All right!

From now on, I can take a break every week.

So I can take you to this park.

No, the zoo or even the amusement park.

What's the matter?

Mom, Dad is crying.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW A meeting in secret?

It sounds like they have one every Friday night.

I'm on it today!