Light, there's another message from the Second Kira sent to the Sakura TV.

This time, it's a video and a diary.

I thought I'd tell you.

A diary?

What is that idiot up to now?

Why can't he just wait?

Did he want the diary to be shown on television?

That's right. This is it.

Year 2006?

This is last year's diary.

Look at the entry he made on the 30th.

"Confirmed that there was a Shinigami present at the Tokyo Dome."

This is probably supposed to mean that he plans to do this on May 30.

If we air this, his intentions and plans will be obvious to the public.

Besides, he's not able to see my Shinigami unless he touches my Death Note.

What's his plan?

May 22, my friend and I showed off our notebooks in Aoyama.

Hey, Rem.

Yes?

Why can't I see my own lifespan even if I have the Shinigami eyes?

Can you tell me again?

People with Shinigami eyes only need to know the lifespan of their victims.

Just like Shinigami can't see the lifespan of our kind, the same principle applies to humans who possess the Death Note.

"May 22, my friend and I showed off our notebooks in Aoyama."

If "notebook" is referring to a "Death Note," then it would only be understood by me, Kira.

As for the police, they should be attentive to the May 30 entry, which reads, "Confirmed that there was a Shinigami present at the Tokyo Dome."

I'm very certain that the real massage found in this entry is the "Aoyama" part.

But if my assumption is correct...

Light, what do you think of it?

I shouldn't say anything carelessly.

It's best to know his approaches on this first.

Nothing much.

Except the fact that he's an idiot.

Exactly.

I mean it's completely obvious that he wants to meet Kira there.

This can create panic and the game could get canceled if we decide to air this, does he know that?

To be honest, it's so stupid.

I'm not sure how to deal with it anymore.

If we make this diary public, we would also have to announce the cancellation of the game on the 30th.

If we don't broadcast it, the Second Kira won't make a move.

But who knows what he'll do when he gets angry if we canceled it.

We shouldn't be concerned about it.

The Second Kira seems to worship Kira.

He promised the Kira we created that he won't take innocent lives.

We can believe that.

I say we make it public and announce the cancellation of the game.

And we should also announce that we're going to inspect all roads leading to the Tokyo Dome.

Finally, we'll make our invented Kira agree to the meeting.

He could respond with "Understood, I'll meet you there."

Are you serious?

Do you actually believe that they would go there despite the dome's tight security?

I don't think that the real Kira will go, but I'm not sure about the Second Kira.

It depends on how dumb he is.

However, assuming that he's smart, contrary to what he seems, I'll try to see if I could find another hidden message within this diary.

If there is a code that only people who have the so-called Shinigami power can understand, I can't decipher it.

But it will only make sense for us to check out the places mentioned here.

May 22, he's meeting a friend in Aoyama.

May 24, he's meeting a friend in Shibuya.

Our efforts will possibly be fruitless.

But keep an eye on people waiting with notebooks in Aoyama, and people lurking in clothing stores in Shibuya.

Exactly as I thought.

If the fake Kira is caught, I'll have to obtain his notebook.

Worst case scenario, I may have to k*ll everyone there.

We'll need to place more surveillance cameras in Aoyama and Shibuya.

To boot, both location should also be monitored by undercover officers.

Since I could fit right in, I should probably go there then.

Count me in.

Light.

It's all right, Dad.

I occasionally go to Aoyama and Shibuya.

Mr. Matsui and I would blend in perfectly with the crowd there.

Besides, the only person the Second Kira is interested in is Kira.

Mr. Matsui, let's discuss our trips to Aoyama and Shibuya tomorrow.

Sounds good, Light.

Take care.

This always happens as soon as I go out and turn on my phone.

Yes?

It's Ryuzaki.

Please be sure to watch Light carefully.

And keep this confidential.

Of course.

I understand.

As long as there's still doubt, we still have to suspect him, I guess.

I'm home.

Light, you're late today.

Yes.

My assistance to the investigation of Kira should be kept a secret.

I was with my girlfriend at the university.

-Goodness. -Did I hear it right?

Light has a girlfriend? Cool!

Hey, I'm an 18-year-old college student.

Of course, I have one.

-You should look for a boyfriend, Sayu. -What?

I don't need to have one.

Light, what about dinner?

The room service at the hotel already took care of that.

What? Did you just say hotel?

Tell me more about it. It sounds pretty scandalous to me!

Now then, Ryuk.

I have a question for you.

Right, I thought so.

Please answer me if you can.

Can Shinigamis who come to the human world talk to each other?

It's hard to say.

As long as I'm attached to a human, I'd say it's against the rules, unless I have their permissions.

We have no laws against that, so I guess another Shinigami might start talking to me.

Are you saying that there is a possibility for the Shinigami to tell the fake Kira that I'm the original one?

He probably wouldn't, but it depends on his personality.

So I can just assume that you'll act how you usually do, right?

Yes.

Even if I see someone with a Shinigami, I'm not going to tell you, Light.

Well, I believe that's the right thing to do.

Thanks.

Fake Kira, have you thought everything out this far?

Is anything wrong?

Aoyama is pretty big.

I was searching for a meeting place, but look at what I came across.

On May 22, there is an event at a club called the Note Blue in Aoyama.

"Aoyama."

"Blue."

And "Note."

Don't get ahead of yourself.

The fake Kira is smarter than I thought.

From now on, I need to be more cautious.

But for now, this Note Blue is worth checking out.

But you don't want him to know that you're Kira, do you?

Well, Light?

What's going on?

These are my friends from university.

Nice to meet you.

This is my cousin, Taro.

It's his first time in Tokyo and he said he wanted to see Aoyama and Roppongi.

Let's show him some fun.

By the way, this single guy is advertising for a girlfriend.

Does he have any applicant here?

Stop it, Light.

I'm impressed, Light.

No one would ever suspect a detective within this group of kids.

Even if Ryuk is spotted, no one could tell who he's attached to since we walk in a group like this.

It's also a brilliant defense against L's surveillance cameras.

It's not that bad to investigate under this pressure.

All I have to do now is to keep watch of Note Blue entrance when it opens.

Found him!

Is it Moon Yagami?

The only one whose lifespan I can't see.

He's Kira!

I never thought it would be this easy to find you.

All right, Rem. It's time to go home.

What? You finally found him. Is that good enough?

Well, I can't just go up to him and say how pleased I am for noticing him in a crowded place like this.

I know his name now. It wouldn't be a hustle to find out more.

After all, it's such a unique name.

It's written as "Moon," but read as "Light."

That's really cool.

His proven track records made him amazing, this Light Yagami.

While he was in Junior High, he won the National Tennis Championship twice.

He even gave a speech as the freshman's representative at To-Oh University Entrance Ceremony, this year.

There's no picture of him, but it can't be anyone else with a name like this.

Who would have thought that Kira would be so young and cool?

Everything is far better than I ever imagined.

It was so easy to purchase this information.

What a scary world we're living in.

I even know his address now!

We were there both days and we got no suspicious activities happening in Aoyama on May 22 and Shibuya on May 24.

The only place left is the Dome on May 30.

I didn't see anyone suspicious at Note Blue either.

Could he be serious about going to the dome?

Ryuzaki, Sakura TV just received another message from the Second Kira.

It's postmarked on May 23.

I'm happy to announce that I've found Kira.

To the police and the people at the television station, I'm very grateful for your help.

Impossible!

Where? In Aoyama?

Did his Shinigami find Ryuk and tell him about me?

No way.

There's no way that he could tell who Ryuk was attached to.

I'm certain that no one was following me.

If this is true, the only thing that corresponds to this tape being mailed on the 23rd is the 22nd in Aoyama.

Matsuda and Light Yagami are the only ones from this investigation who went to Aoyama.

Is Light really Kira after all?

But as for now, everything is not certain.

He found him? That's bad news.

Indeed. It's not wrong to assume that both of them have teamed up by now.

Don't jump to conclusions yet.

The Second Kira is only saying that he found him, nothing else.

He may not have contacted him yet.

Since we've come to this point,

the police will have to send a message to the Second Kira.

Send a message?

Right.

The police will have to reach out to the Second Kira and negotiate in exchange for Kira's name.

Isn't this a really bad turn of events?

This is bad.

I don't know how the fake Kira would react to this.

But I couldn't think of any reason to stop this.

There is still time, if Kira doesn't know who you are yet.

Don't approach Kira out of curiosity.

Kira will k*ll you if you contact him.


He'll just use you.

What you can do now is reconsider the value of human life, and atone for your crimes by giving us information on Kira.

Only you can help bring his reign of terror to an end.

Where are you going?

I need to confess.

I see what you meant.

I wonder if it's your dad.

Coming.

Welcome home!

Who's this?

Good evening. My name is Ms. Amane.

I came by to return Light's notebook he left earlier at the university.

Could you wait for a second?

Light!

Notebook? Could it be...

Nice to meet you.

My name is Misa Amane.

I thought you might be worried if you were watching television.

I just couldn't take it anymore.

I brought this notebook.

A Death Note.

A Shinigami.

She's the Fake Kira.

Come on in.

Are you sure it's okay?

I'm pleased.

Mom, she came all the way to return my notebook to me.

-Could you make us something? -Of course.

I've told you about her.

Have a seat.

Thank you.

How did you find me?

I thought so. You didn't do the eye deal, did you?

When you have the eyes of a Shinigami, you can see a person's lifespan and age just by looking at them.

But you cannot see the lifespan of someone who has a Death Note.

Well, I wasn't aware of that.

Okay.

I understand that.

But what would happen if you were caught by the police which could put Kira's secret at risk?

It's okay.

I haven't been caught so far.

And if I obey you from now on, I will never get caught.

Am I right?

And I will see L's name.

I can be your eyes.

So...

So?

Make me your girlfriend, please?

Girlfriend?

Yes.

If I'm not cautious enough, I could get k*lled.

But still...

That's impossible.

There are three times the usual number of surveillance cameras in Aoyama.

Anyone who is in Aoyama that day would've definitely been caught on camera, including me.

I hope we were not seen together.

In fact, a meeting like this can be a problem.

Try to understand that.

Well, look.

These are pictures of me when I went to Aoyama that day.

I'm sure no one would recognize her like this.

So what about your fingerprints?

The tapes you sent to the television station all have the same fingerprints.

Those aren't my fingerprints.

I don't do these things without thinking about them thoroughly.

A little while back, I lived in the Kansai region.

I had a friend who was into the occult.

I suggested that we send the fake videos to several television shows, and she agreed to help me with it.

I had her take care of the dubbing and I made sure not to leave any fingerprints on the tapes.

Then, I took those tapes, added Kira's picture and recorded the message.

And what is that friend doing now?

If you want me to k*ll her, just say so and I'll do it.

If you still refuse to trust me, I'll let you keep my Death Note then.

You're just holding on to it, so I'll still be the rightful owner.

That means I get to keep my Shinigami eyes.

Isn't that right, Rem?

Indeed.

Now, there's no way I can k*ll you.

If I'm of no use, you can k*ll me.

Why would she go this far?

But you might have removed several pages from the Death Note and hidden them somewhere.

Why are you so suspicious of me?

I don't mind if you just use me!

Believe me.

How can you say that?

Exactly one year ago, my parents were k*lled in a robbery right in front of me.

I wanted him to pay for what he did.

But he went on trial.

The judge ruled that he'd been falsely accused.

That's when Kira punished him.

Kira means everything to me.

All I...

All I wanted was to meet you!

So I could have the chance to thank you.

She went through all this just to meet Kira.

Still, she was able to get around surveillance cameras with ease.

And she didn't leave any evidence.

She's not as stupid as I thought.

And she's willing to obey me.

I understand.

I can't be your boyfriend, but I can act like I am.

Those eyes of yours, which you've traded half of your life for to meet me and to help me, will be a valuable w*apon.

Thank you.

I'll try my hardest to make you love me.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW Hey.

Ryuzaki, you're a friend I have much in common with.

I've missed having you around at school.

I'd like to play tennis with you again.
