Next, about the Naomi Misora case.

Shouldn't we open up the investigation to the public?

We have to investigate it separately from the Kira case.

We should only use police sketches and avoid using photographs.

But it has been four months since she went missing.

She might be dead.

If she's dead, it's strange that no one has been able to find her body.

We might be able to find a clue if we can find it.

Ryuzaki. Take a look at Sakura TV.

Something bad is happening.

Basically, we are all Kira's hostages.

But it is also our duty as reporters to make this announcement.

Please understand that we are not airing this broadcast with the intention to deceive people or to gain popularity.

-Kira's hostages? -What's going on?

Four days ago, our program director received these four tapes.

They are certainly from Kira.

Our ratings could go up to 60%. No, 70% at least.

The first tape contains prediction of the date and time of death of the two suspected felons.

Yesterday, both of them d*ed of heart att*cks as predicted.

If this is true, it's definitely something only Kira can do.

We have received instructions from Kira to air the second tape at exactly 5:59 p.m. today.

This tape contains a predicted m*rder to prove that he is Kira and also a message to the people of the world.

Well, it's probably another joke, right?

Sure. Who would make such a sick prank?

Here it is.

I am Kira.

If this video is being aired at exactly 5:59 p.m. on April 18th, the time now should be 5:59. 47, 48, 49...

Please change the channel to Taiyo TV now.

The newscaster, Mr. Kazuhiko Hibima will die of a heart att*ck at exactly 6:00 p.m.

-What? -Change it!

No way!

How could he?

Change back the channel.

-Mr. Hibima insisted continuously on TV -Get another television.

-that Kira is evil. -No, two.

-Yes. -This is his punishment.

There is another victim.

The target is Mr. Seiji Kumaizumi, the commentator of NHN TV.

He said negative things about me. He is currently live on television.

-Ryuzaki! -Change it to Channel 24!

Please change it back.

I trust that you believe I'm Kira by now.

Kira said that he wanted to send a message to the world.

There will be trouble if we don't stop this broadcast now!

I will call Sakura TV now!

This is not good.

None of my acquaintances at the station have their phones on.

The lines at the station are all busy!

Darn it!

Hirokazu!

I'll go to the station in person and stop the broadcast!

Everyone, please listen to me.

I don't want to k*ll innocent people.

I hate evil and love justice.

I even regard the police as my ally instead of enemy.

Damn you, Kira.

My wish is to create a world without evil.

This will be simple if everyone cooperates.

The innocent will not die if you cease your attempts to capture me.

Damn it!

Even if you don't agree with me, keep it to yourself and don't express it publicly.

Then, I won't k*ll you.

Please wait for a while.

I will create a better world for everyone to live.

I will change this filthy world into a new world where only kind people live.

Try to imagine it.

Together with the police, I will create...

Sachiko.

You'll ruin your health, dear.

Please get some rest.

Sachiko.

I am the chief of the Kira Task Force.

sh*t! It's locked!

This is the police!

Open up!

You fool!

-We interrupt this program -Hello? Damn it, I can't get through! to bring you live footage from Sakura TV Studio.

Shuuichi!

SAKURA TV

As you can see, someone has collapsed!

This is occurring in front of Sakura TV Studio!

Hirokazu!

Damn it. It was Kira, right?

Mr. Aizawa.

Where do you think you are going?

To where Hirokazu is, of course!

You can't. Please think about this calmly.

Are you saying we should just watch the television here quietly?

The same thing will happen to you if this is Kira's doing.

Kira shouldn't be able to k*ll when he doesn't have a name!

So why has this happened?

Our fake IDs are useless!

Do you think Kira already knows our names?

That is a possibility.

If that is the case, it would have been a lot easier for him to k*ll us first.

I assumed that he needs a name and a face, but from what I just saw, it's possible that he's able to k*ll solely by knowing the face.

The only thing I can say is that Kira is inside the television station or is in a place where he can monitor the people who enter the building.

If Kira is in that area, there's even more of a reason to go!

He could have just set up surveillance cameras in the area.

We'll just be k*lled if we go there unprepared.

Didn't you say you were risking your life to catch Kira?

Risking my life and doing something that will cost my life are two completely different things.

What?

Try to control yourself. Hirokazu was k*lled.

If you were to lose your life too...

I want the police to decide whether they will cooperate with me to create a new world.

Please answer it during the six o'clock news on April 22.

I have prepared a video for whatever you have decided.

What is going on?

Hey! What are you doing?

Where is the studio that is airing the Kira tapes?

A vehicle just drove through the front door of Sakura TV Studio!

That's one way to enter the building without revealing your identity.

But who is it?

This is the police! Stop the broadcast!

What's happening?

Stop playing Kira's tapes immediately!

Hold on, detective!

We'll be k*lled by Kira if we stop this!

Hand them over!

You can save your life now if you do that!

What are you doing now?

Are you insane?

This is a result of you treating Kira like some kind of celebrity.

Don't you think you deserve it?

Hand me all of the copies as well!

Don't make me ask you again!

All right!

I'll give you everything! So please stop waving that g*n around!

You have that crazy look in your eyes!

Finally, a police car has arrived in front of the Sakura TV building!

We're not the only ones in this.

There are still others in the police force that will stand up against Kira.

Mr. Aizawa.

You know Deputy Director Kitamura's cell phone number, right?

Shuuichi, I told you not to call me.

This is L.

I would like to ask you a favor.

Watch the broadcast.

You will see the police officers who are fighting hard to bring Kira to justice.

If you don't control this quickly, this could turn into a disaster.

But we are not supposed to be involved in this case...

My goodness!

Both of the police officers who rushed to the scene have collapsed!

We are going to evacuate the area!

I understand now, L.

Please advise me on what I should do.

It's from Chief Yagami.

Call him back and hand me the phone.

Let me talk to Ryuzaki quickly!

It's me, Mr. Yagami.

So that was you in that van.

That's right. I can't stand it anymore.

I've seized all the tapes. I'll bring them to you.

Are you all right?

I'm more than all right.

I've never felt this energetic in my life.

So what should I do now?

I think the front entrance would be dangerous.

But I should be fine in that van.

Please hold on.

Deputy Director Kitamura, Chief Yagami was the one who crashed into the building.

Are you prepared?

As you requested.

Mr. Yagami.

In five minutes, please leave through the front entrance.

Just leave through the front entrance?

Listen up! There should be no gaps!

Don't expose yourselves!

Kira is not in the television station.

He's outside!

Thank you.

I'll drive myself.

I understand.

Listen up!

There is a good chance that Kira may be somewhere in this area!

Search the place carefully but don't let yourself be seen.

The police have turned down Kira's request and have shown us they are ready to fight!

It takes courage for me to say that this is the right thing to do! This is right!

This is the right stance that a constitutional nation should take!

My name is Koki Tanakabara.

I am NHN's Golden News anchor, Koki Tanakabara!

Chief!

Chief Yagami!

Ryuzaki.

I'm sorry for acting on impulse.

It seems like I got a little emotional.


Not at all.

All the tapes and envelopes that Kira sent are in here.

Thank you very much.

Please allow me to rest for a while.

Mr. Yagami.

This won't go to waste.

The postmark is from Osaka.

However, Kira can manipulate his victims before they die.

He wouldn't have delivered it from Osaka by himself.

Mr. Aizawa.

Could you send this to the lab?

I know a lot of people in the lab.

I will check it thoroughly.

Please do so.

I will review the contents of the duplicate tapes.

Ryuzaki, how is it?

They're very interesting tapes.

If the police agree to cooperate with Kira, tape number three will be aired.

If the police refuse, it'll be number four.

Details of conditions for cooperation are in tape three.

Basically, Kira is asking for more criminals to be aired.

Criminals that had hurt people or had abused the weak.

No matter how severe their crimes were.

Kira would be the judge and make the decision.

Besides that, as evidence that the police are willing to cooperate, he wanted both L and a top brass of the NPA to appear on television and announce that they will cooperate with Kira.

It would mean exposing my face and the top brass from NPA.

So he can k*ll us if we do anything suspicious.

So, what if we answer no?

It's more or less the same thing, but is said differently.

Mr. Yagami. The answer is bound to be no.

Let Sakura TV air the fourth tape.

I think it is unlucky that your answer is no.

The police still wish to fight against me.

Firstly, I will take the life of the chief of the NPA.

Or alternatively, I may take the life of L who is directing the investigation.

The chief of NPA or L.

Who will you sacrifice for not cooperating to create a peaceful world?

Please decide within four days.

God really is on my side after all.

Well, when I say God, I mean Shinigami, the God of Death.

Seems like it.

It seems another Shinigami has come to the Human World.

And that Shinigami's Death Note has fallen into the hands of someone who supports Kira.

SAKURA TV It's highly likely this Kira has the eyes of Shinigami.

In other words, this Kira's ability to k*ll is far more powerful than mine.

If I leave things as it is now, L might be buried soon.

However, I can't forgive the impostor that lowered Kira's dignity with these dirty tactics.

If the impostor messes up and get caught, people will find out about the Death Note.

I can't leave it like that for too long.

What I should do now is help out with the investigation and find out both L and the fake Kira's moves.

Ryuzaki, it's just as you thought.

Leaders of several countries have discussed own their own that they want the real L to appear on television.

That would be the right choice to make.

Well, we still have three more days.

Let's think of some countermeasures.

I would be annoyed if I'm k*lled by someone who's merely acting like Kira.

-What? -What do you mean, Ryuzaki?

There is a high probability that this Kira is a fake.

No.

We should refer him as the Second Kira.

The Second Kira?

What makes you think there is a second Kira?

Please explain this to us.

Firstly, regarding the predicted victims that were used to convince the television station employees that he is Kira.

The two victims were only featured in women's magazines and on daytime talk shows.

The real Kira wouldn't have bothered himself with such unimportant people.

But if we see it from the Second Kira's point of view, he couldn't use any criminal that the real Kira may k*ll before his prediction.

Ryuzaki.

What are the chances that there is a second Kira?

This time, it's over than 70%.

I don't like his ways.

-It's unlike Kira. -Unlike Kira?

Kira has always avoided innocent victims up until now, except those who chased after him.

If we can catch one of the two Kira, I think we may get hints to help catch the other.

Mr. Yagami.

Would it be okay if I ask your son to help in this investigation?

Is he no longer a suspect?

No.

I can't say that he's been cleared, but I'm counting on his deductive skills.

So that's what you mean.

I have no reason to stop you if my son is willing to do so.

Thank you.

But please don't tell him that this current Kira may be a fake.

Please make it seem as if we're pursuing the same Kira.

Hey, Misa.

I gave the Death Note to you.

So why don't you use it more for yourself?

I am using it for myself.

I support what Kira is doing.

I want to know what kind of person Kira is.

I want to meet and talk to him.

I went through trouble to send the tapes to the television station just for that.

I'm sure Kira will notice me.

I bet Kira will be interested. I'm sure of it!

This is a dangerous game.

You could be k*lled. Do you understand?

It's okay.

I'm sure Kira is kind to innocent people.

But if something happens, I'm stronger because I have the eyes!

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW I need to find out about the fake Kira.

One step ahead before anyone else in the task force.

I wonder what kind of person you are, Fake Kira.
