I understand.

I can't be your boyfriend, but I can act like I am.

Thank you.

I'll try my hardest to make you love me.

I'll arrange for her to meet L to learn his name and eliminate the entire task force headquarters.

Then, I can k*ll her.

After all, she's the only person who knows Kira's identity.

I'll be sure to k*ll her soon.

You'll act like my boyfriend, right?

That's good enough to start with.

Anyway, let's not waste more time. It's time for you to show your Shinigami.

I need to gain her trust so I suppose it's vital.

Yes, sure.

-Could you turn around? -Okay.

You can turn back now.

Okay.

Hi there.

Wow.

Though you're a Shinigami just like Rem, you both look completely different!

I already know your name, Ryuk.

Nice to meet you!

Right. Nice to meet you too.

By the way, Light. Do you know how to k*ll a Shinigami?

Did you just call me by my first name?

Fine. Can I call you Knight instead of Light then?

You're like the mighty knight in shining armor to me!

Let's stick with Light.

Are you seriously going to check all of the video footage from Aoyama on May 22 personally?

That's right.

I'm certain that Kira and the Second Kira made contact with each other that day.

So let me check them all by myself.

By the way, Mr. Yagami.

Yes?

I would like Mr. Mogi to start keeping eye on Light's movements.

Light's movements?

If by any chance he is the real Kira, there's a chance that somehow the Second Kira might try to contact him.

Very well.

I wonder if Ryuzaki sleeps at all.

Well, I saw him sleeping in that exact same position the other day.

Seriously, I'm not joking.

So when a Shinigami has feelings for a human and kills people in order to extend the lifespan of that human, the Shinigami will die soon after?

That's correct.

Good luck finding a Shinigami who'd be stupid enough to volunteer.

You're right.

It doesn't seem like you'll ever do anything of the sort.

By the way, where did you send the tapes that went to the television stations from?

Let's see.

The first time was from Osaka. Then, I sent it from Tokyo.

This other time was from Nagano.

I used the b*llet Train, so the police couldn't pinpoint my exact location.

Do you still have videotapes and envelopes with your friend's fingerprints on them?

Yes.

For now, it's best for you to get rid of everything used to make those videos.

Before that, you'll send the final video from another location tomorrow.

You should say...

"I will stop trying to make contact with Kira.

I'd like to thank the police for their advice and warnings.

However, I've decided to help Kira erase the evil from the world.

I'll purge for his mission, and he'll consider me as his ally.

I will begin by punishing criminals that Kira has yet to judge.

Also, I plan to make this world an ideal one by sharing this power among those who are worthy."

Share the power?

It's just a line added to confuse the investigation.

There are already two people with this power.

Surmising there are more is conceivable.

It'll create panic if they believe so.

Can you do that?

You don't have to ask. Just give me orders and I'll do it.

I'll do whatever you say.

There's another important thing.

Okay!

If by any chance you're caught by the police, or if you're brought in for questioning, anything about us or the notebook should never be mentioned.

As long as they don't have the notebook, there should be no proof against you.

Can you promise to do that?

I promise!

So then, we're officially boyfriend and girlfriend, right?

Well, I guess so.

I have one condition though.

Go on a date with me at least once a week.

Unbelievable. She doesn't understand.

That's impossible.

Why is that?

It doesn't seem like you'll understand unless I tell you.

L already suspects that I'm Kira.

What?

L is pretty amazing.

Everyone has been saying that he's good at nothing.

They take him as nothing but one complete fool.

But he has figured out that much.

But thanks to that, I've also been able to get close to L.

What? You and L are in contact with each other?

Both of you are amazing.

This is getting more exciting.

Even L suspects that I'm Kira.

He thinks he's safe as long as he hides his name.

Just to investigate me directly, he came out and told me he was L.

But he's only positive because he doesn't suspect anyone else who could possibly be Kira.

And if I play it right, I can win his trust so we can investigate together without his suspicion on me.

Great, all you have to do now is take me to L so we can learn his real name, right?

It's not that simple.

It was difficult enough for me to get close to him.

Besides that, if someone close to me steps into the picture, and if they suspect any changes in Kira and the second Kira actions, that person could be suspected of being the Second Kira, and I'll end up alerting them to be more suspicious of me.

It would be bad if we get together, because it'll only allow him to make a connection from our intimacy.

Do you understand me?

I guess so.

So does that mean we can't go on dates?

Are you afraid to meet in public because he'll suspect you more?

No.

We should take some time to figure out a plan so that you can see L without letting him know you exist.

Okay.

I'll need your help to eliminate L.

I want to be able to keep in direct contact with you ceaselessly.

Thank goodness.

So, in order to make sure that our meetings remain unnoticed, I'm going to meet other girls as well.

What do you mean by that? Are you going to date other girls too?

Well, more or less.

You can't do that!

If I see you with another girl, I'll destroy her.

Scary.

Listen, Misa sweetie.

Sweetie?

This isn't a game.

We're both risking our lives to change the world, aren't we?

That's right.

But I love you more than the world.

What are you talking about?

You're only here because you admire Kira. Don't get yourself confused.

Besides, this is our first meeting.

Haven't you ever experienced love at first sight?

Never.

Well, you're right. I wanted to meet Kira out of gratitude and respect, not love.

But when I first laid my eyes on you...

What the hell is wrong with her?

You're popular as always.

If that's how you feel about me, you'll obey me.

You told me that you didn't mind being used.

A minute before, you swore you'd do everything I ask.

Yes, I did. But I won't allow you to date other girls.

Those are two different things.

I have both notebooks.

If you won't obey, I'll k*ll you.

Over my dead body, Light Yagami.

If you have the audacity to do anything that could result in her death, I'll not hesitate to write your name in my notebook and k*ll you.

I can see her lifespan.

If she d*ed before that date, I'll assume that you're the k*ller.

Wouldn't you die if you used your notebook to avenge her?

That's right! Then, you'll die!

That's true.

But I couldn't care less about that.

Is this Shinigami serious? Then that means, from now on...

Light?

What is it, Mom?

It's already 11:30 p.m.

A girl shouldn't stay this late.

Yes, that's right.

We didn't notice the time passing.

Sorry, Mrs. Yagami.

I'm sorry for staying so late.

Light, I'll see you later.

Okay.

Light, walk her to the station.

Walking outside with her could be a risk.

Well, it's all right!

Good night!

She's really cute.

Right, I was a bit worried at first, but she's undoubtedly cute.

I like her!

That Shinigami is going to k*ll me if I k*lled the girl?

Does that mean I have to deal with her until she dies?

Not only that, I'm forced to protect her so she doesn't get caught by the police.

Thanks to you, Light really became my knight.

I suppose.

But don't actually k*ll him, okay?

For a Shinigami to die, it'll have to use its Death Note to save a human's life that it has fallen in love with.

I can never k*ll Rem by using the Death Note to manipulate someone to k*ll Misa.

If Misa is put in danger, I'll be suspected first and be k*lled.

Right now, she's an even bigger nuisance than L is.

She's a model and she's this famous?

What could happen if our relationship got discovered?

Damn! She's nothing but trouble.

What should I do?

No. Most importantly, I should think of a way to use Misa's eyes to k*ll L.

If I can eliminate him...

Good morning, Light.

Good morning.

Mom, Sayu.

Could you guys keep Misa a secret from Dad?

All right.

Actually, not just from Dad, but from everyone.

She's an up-and-coming model. It could be a problem if people know.

What? You're not joking, right?

I thought she was cute.

Just what I'd expect for your girlfriend. I'll keep it a secret for 5,000 yen.

Silly.

TO-OH UNIVERSITY Moving on to page 246...

Misa's final message will arrive today.

Instead of going to the television station, it should be routed to the task force headquarters.

I have to drop by at the headquarters, -to check L's reaction. -Light.

Light.

You told me that you'd go out with me, right?

Yes, I did.

And now we're sitting next to each other in the lectures.

Correct.

But you don't seem happy about it.

You seem detached.

That's not true at all.

I was just thinking about how everyone's going to talk about us now.

I'm actually going out with the famous Ms. Takada from To-oh University.

It's obvious, you're the most beautiful woman here.

Please don't say such thing anymore.

I don't like being called "miss" or whatever.


Okay then.

What's with this woman? She's so pretentious.

Kiyomi, let's just take things at our own pace, okay?

All right.

Hello.

Light.

Your timing couldn't be better.

We've just received another video from the Second Kira.

Another one?

That's fast.

Yes.

I believe this is the last one.

Well, take a look at this.

I will stop trying to make contact with Kira.

I'd like to thank the police for their advice and warnings.

However, I've decided to help Kira erase the evil from the world.

And he'll regard me as his ally.

I will begin by punishing criminals that Kira has yet to judge.

Also, I plan to make this world an ideal one by sharing this power among those who are worthy.

Having watched this, I can sense that Kira and the Second Kira have joined forces.

How can you be sure of that?

Didn't you sense it?

I thought you would get the same impression.

First of all, his determination to meet Kira has completely swayed.

Also, he now says that he wants to punish criminals that Kira didn't punish in order to gain his acceptance.

Why didn't he do just that before?

He probably never thought that far ahead.

It's not a stretch to say that he was already in contact with Kira.

I suspect that he was also ordered to hide the fact that they're working together.

I see.

That probably means that Kira isn't thinking about his actions.

Yes.

Did Kira encounter something he couldn't overcome?

He probably was trying to scare us by making it obvious that he had recruited the Second Kira.

Their union is really threatening.

However, this lessens the suspicion I had of Light.

What do you mean, Ryuzaki?

If Light was Kira, then he wouldn't have sent in a video like this.

He would have tried to thr*aten me, L, into appearing on television again.

Maintaining that lie would have placed all the responsibilities on the Second Kira.

And this is what he'd have him say.

"I stopped because Kira told me to, but I don't think that warning would come from the real Kira.

Kira should be happy if L d*ed.

There's no way he'd stop me."

Ryuzaki.

Yes?

If I were the real Kira, I wouldn't do that.

Why is that?

I know your personality.

No matter how much you were threatened, you would never go on television.

You wouldn't want to die in someone else's place.

You would come up with some plan to escape.

You figured it out.

Light.

Stop saying, "If I were Kira."

Even hypothetically, stop it.

Sorry, Dad.

But I want to tell Ryuzaki what I think.

I have to pose the scenario hypothetically to solve this case and clear my name.

Since I'm not Kira, I shouldn't be uncomfortable talking in that manner.

You're right.

You're not Kira.

No.

It would be a problem if you were Kira.

Because you are

my first friend ever.

Right.

You're a friend I have much in common with.

Thank you.

I've missed having you around at school.

I'd like to play tennis with you again.

Yes. By all means.

A friend?

Is he a friend of yours?

Aren't you glad, Light?

Damn Ryuzaki.

He immediately noticed the connection between Kira and the Second Kira.

I've got to eliminate him quickly.

Really?

At this rate, seeing Misa would be dangerously impossible.

Light!

I just couldn't wait for two weeks.

I was on my way to your house!

This is the first time I've been provoked to hit a woman.

I just miss you so bad.

Well, come over to my house.

Okay!

Another girl?

Welcome, Misa! I saw you in a whole bunch of magazines!

Welcome.

Sorry for the intrusion.

Mom, can we get some tea?

Rem.

You're Misa's ally, aren't you?

Yes.

I've watched her many times from the Shinigami Realm.

I've developed a bit of affection for her.

Even though you're a Shinigami?

You don't seem to like what I said before. That I'd k*ll you if you k*ll her.

So if Misa is happy, does that mean that you'll feel fine?

Well, you could say that.

I just don't want to see her sad.

Misa is

so in love with me.

Light.

-Misa. -Yes?

Would my happiness be your happiness too?

Yes.

Then, could you ask Rem to k*ll L?

Rem wants you to be happy.

If L catches one of us, we'll both be unhappy.

A Shinigami can't tell a person's name to someone who has a notebook, but again there's no rule against Rem k*lling anyone.

Yes.

If you k*ll L, it'll make me love Misa more and I would be grateful to you.

Above all, it'll make us both happy.

Rem.

I want Light to love me.

Light and I will forever be grateful.

And I'm certain we could be happy together.

All right then.

Fine, Light Yagami.

I despise you.

Even if this ends up lengthening your lifespan, I won't die.

I'll k*ll L for you.

L is another human being who possesses zero value to me.

That's nice!

Thank you, Rem!

That's my Rem!

L will die and that's all it takes?

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW That's right.

Since Ryuga's revealed that he's L, I must k*ll him.

This is all a wager now.

Tomorrow will be L's...

No. Ryuzaki's date of death.