I want you to eliminate the reported criminals in this manner.

After that, the notebook is all yours.

That's the deal.

If Yagami is right about this, this should save Misa.

It's a good deal for you and me.

As you might say, "It's good business", right?

FIFTY DAYS OF IMPRISONMENT Mr. Yagami, are you okay?

It's pointless to do this, Mr. Yagami.

It's been over a month since Kira started k*lling criminals again.

That proves my son's innocence.

I'm convinced that my son isn't the guy you're pursuing.

Now, all that's left is for you to realize that.

By any means, I'll leave this place when my son does.

The chief is quite stubborn.

Light, are you okay there?

Yes. I'm all right.

But, Ryuzaki since the day I'm imprisoned, criminals have stopped dying.

I think, it's very likely that Kira is someone who's aware of my predicament.

-If we continue... -No.

The reason why the criminals have stopped dying is because you're Kira.

No way!

I'm not Kira. Why can't you believe me?

If he's the real Kira, he should know that I was only bluffing.

Yet, he's clueless about it.

This has gone too far, Ryuzaki.

Light has the right to know that criminals are being k*lled again.

-Misa. -Yes?

You seem weary, but are you all right?

Are you dumb or something?

How would you expect me to look like after all these days in confinement?

Yes, you're right.

Let me go.

Let me see Light.

See Light...

See Light...

See Light...

They can't take it anymore, they're already at their limits.

Ryuzaki, there's no reason for you to confine Light.

That's enough already!

Let him go and the chief will come out too.

Both of them have no access to any information, but the criminals are still dying.

We already know that much, so do something.

No.

All we know is that Misa fosters an unusual attachment for Light Yagami.

Ryuzaki, it seems to me like you're doing this because you don't want to admit that you were wrong about Light.

I figured you would think that.

It's as Light said.

If Kira could k*ll Lind L. Tailor and the FBI agents without needing to obtain their information, he didn't even need to k*ll them!

No matter how much we investigate, he could never be traced.

Kira doesn't k*ll for no reason.

I even heard you say that in more than one occasion.

I see.

If he could k*ll in these circumstances, he shouldn't have had a problem with leaving those FBI agents alone.

It's already been 50 days.

There's no reason to be doing this.

Besides that, we should be thinking of ways to catch the real Kira.

I understand.

Mr. Yagami.

What is it?

Will you return to task force headquarters?

I want you to hear my theory on what's happening.

But first, I want to talk to you as Light's father.

All right.

THREE DAYS LATER I never thought that you would be an old man, Mister Stalker.

I'm not a stalker. I'm a detective.

A detective?

I remember now!

They said I'm the Second Kira when they arrested me.

Was that real?

It couldn't be.

There's no way the police would tie me up in such a fetish-like way.

Anyways, isn't it strange that my hands and feet are restrained even though you're going to let me go?

Be quiet.

-Light! -Misa?

I was dying to see you!

Dad, what's going on?

Dad?

No way! I called your dad a stalker and other rude things...

Nice to meet you. My name is Misa.

-I'm dating... -I leave it to you, Chief.

What's wrong? Hurry up and get in.

We're finally cleared and are free to go, right?

No.

You two are now being taken to your execution.

I volunteered to escort you to the execution site which was secretly built in an underground facility.

-Our execution? -What?

-What do you mean, Dad? -Is this a joke?

L has decided that you're Kira and Misa is the Second Kira.

He decided that if you were ex*cuted, the killings would stop.

Haven't the killings stopped?

No, they're still continuing.

Continuing?

That wasn't what he told me.

I was trying to get a confession out of you.

That's not the problem here.

L's suggestion that the killings would stop if you two were eliminated was immediately accepted by all the top officials of the UN and the Japanese government.

Kira will be erased, hidden from the public.

That's crazy. Dad, I'm not Kira!

That's right. What are you thinking? He's your own son!

This is not my decision, it's L's.

He has solved many difficult cases in the past and has never been wrong.

Dad, do you trust L more than me?

L says that if the killings don't stop, then he'll take responsibility and end his own life.

L, what are you thinking?

I understand that based on the investigation, this may seem like the only logical answer.

But this is wrong!

Why did L come to this conclusion?

Something is not right.

This isn't like L at all.

L has always used hard evidence in all of his cases.

Is he planning to end it like this?

We're almost there.

Where is this place?

Why did you bring us out to the middle of nowhere?

What are you up to?

Are you going to let us go?

Nobody will see us here.

I decided to bring you here instead of the execution site.

Light.

I'm going to k*ll you here and then k*ll myself.

What are you saying, Dad?

-That's crazy! Stop it already! -You're crazy!

k*ll your child and then yourself?

If you want to die, why don't you just die by yourself!

If you do this, you'll be the same as Kira.

No. I'm different from Kira.

I have a responsibility as a parent and as the Detective Superintendent!

Dad, Misa's right!

If we die here, we'll never find out the truth!

-It would be better if we ran away! -It's too late, Light.

Either way, you'll be ex*cuted.

At least this way, it'll be by my own hand.

Stop, Dad! I'm not Kira!

This is exactly what Kira wants! Don't you see?

Misa, I'm going to die here with my son.

I have no reason to k*ll you.

The police will probably find this car soon.

You'll be ex*cuted at the original site.

Light.

From one m*rder*r to another, I'll see you in hell!

Dad!

Stop!

A blank?

Thank goodness.

"Thank goodness"? What are you doing, Dad?

Forgive me, you two.

This was the only way to free you from confinement.

But please understand that I did this because I believe that you're not Kira.

Were you watching, Ryuzaki?

I did as you said and as you can see, I'm still alive.

Yes, it was a convincing performance.

If Misa were the Second Kira, who can k*ll just by knowing a person's face, then she would have k*lled you before you fired.

Also, if Light were Kira, the Kira I know would even k*ll his parents if he was in trouble.

In Light's case, I can't deny the possibility that he may have discovered it was all an act.

But as I promised, I will end their confinement.

Also as promised, even though she insisted that those tapes were just occult videos, I have the evidence and a confession that she sent the Kira videos.

So Misa will remain under surveillance until Kira is caught and his case is resolved.

What's with that? Do you still suspect me?

Well, you get to return to your everyday life.

If you're not guilty, you can think of the surveillance as police protection.

I see. Since I'm not the Second Kira, I should think of it like having some bodyguards.

Also, Light, I will arrange things so that you and I will be together 24 hours a day, working on the investigation.

All right, Ryuzaki. Let's catch Kira together.

Yes, I'm looking forward to working with you.

Is this really necessary Ryuzaki?

I'm not doing this because I want to.

What? Is this what you meant by being together with him 24 hours a day?

It's kind of gross for two men to be like that.

Ryuzaki, is that what you're into?

I told you I'm not doing this because I want to.

But, Light belongs to me.

If you're with him 24 hours a day, how will I go on dates with him?

Then it will be with the three of us.

What? Are you telling me we have to kiss in front of you?

I'm not telling you to do anything. But I will be watching.

What's with that? You really are a pervert, aren't you?

Light, please silence Misa.

Misa, don't be selfish.

You were definitely the one who sent the tapes, just be grateful that you're allowed as much freedom as this.

What are you talking about?

I'm your girlfriend, aren't I? Don't you trust your own lover?

Girlfriend? You said you fell in love with me at first sight and now you're always forcing yourself on me.

So then you took advantage of that fact and kissed me?

Stupid!

About this "love at first sight" thing, it happened in Aoyama on May 22. Didn't it, Misa?

Yes.

Why did you go to Aoyama on that day?

What did you wear?

I told you, I just happened to go there. How many times have I told you?


I don't really remember how I felt that day or what I wore!

Is it so wrong for me to be hanging out in Aoyama without a reason?

So when you came back from Aoyama, you were in love with Light

-and knew his name. -Yes.

You don't even know how you knew his name.

Yes. That's right.

Then, how would you feel if Light was Kira?

If Light was Kira?

That's right.

That would be wonderful!

I've always been grateful to Kira for punishing the man who m*rder*d my parents.

If Light were Kira, I'd love him more.

Though I love him so much already!

We're talking about Kira, here.

You'd love him even more? Don't you feel afraid at all?

That's supposing if Light is Kira, right?

He's not scary at all.

I'm one of those people who accept Kira.

I'd think of ways I could help him.

You'd probably get in his way rather than help him.

According to this, there's no mistake that you are the Second Kira, but it's so clear-cut that I don't want to believe it.

Don't believe it, because I'm not Kira!

Anyway, you'll remain under surveillance.

When you go out, contact us using the private line.

For private or work-related affairs, Mr. Matsuda will be Mr. Matsui, your manager.

I've already paid off your agency

-to agree to this. -Hey there, I'm Mr. Matsui.

I haven't told the police, so be sure not to give yourself away.

This old man is going to be my manager? How awful.

No way! What's wrong with me, Misa-Misa?

Cut it out with all the dates, kissing and Misa-Misa talk!

This is the Kira case! Take it seriously!

Sorry.

No, I'm sorry. I know we're serious, but...

Misa, go to your room now.

What?

No questions, come on.

Light! Let's go on a date, even if it's the three of us!

Light, are you serious about her?

No. As I said earlier, it's one-sided...

Then could you act as if you're serious?

I'm sure Misa is connected with the Second Kira from the video incident.

And also from the way she loves you...

Are you asking me to get close to her so I can find out information about the Second Kira?

Yes. I think you can do it.

And we could get clues to solve this case from Misa.

This is why I released the both of you.

Ryuzaki...

Even if it's for the Kira case, I can never use a woman's feelings like that.

I'm sorry, you need to understand.

To me, taking advantage of another person's feelings is unforgivable and the most despicable thing.

There's something wrong.

I can only assume that his personality has changed.

Is this really an act?

At this rate, it sounds like Misa was being controlled by Kira as well as Light.

What's wrong, Ryuzaki?

Nothing. You're right.

But, it would be helpful if you could make sure she doesn't leak any information about the investigation.

Ryuzaki, can't we change this system of changing hotels every few days?

Yes. I've also been thinking about that.

That's why I had the construction started immediately after my first meeting with Mr. Yagami and the others, when we decided to investigate together.

It will be completed in a few more days.

This is it.

It has twenty-three floors above the ground and two below.

It's built so you can't see it from the outside, but there are two helicopters on the roof.

-What? -That's amazing.

I would like all of you to spend as much time here as possible.

Even if our number increases, we can accommodate about sixty people.

Misa shouldn't have any complaints if we let her have her own floor.

This is really amazing, but to go to these lengths...

By the way, Ryuzaki, where did you get the money for all this?

As you can see, I want to solve this case no matter what.

That's what it means.

No, you didn't answer the question.

Yes, that's right.

The mass murders are bad enough, but I can't forgive the one who put my dad and me through all of this.

I want to solve this no matter what.

If you say so, then get close to Misa and investigate her.

I can't do that. That's inhuman.

I see. That's too bad.

No, I just feel very motivated.

Ryuzaki, Chief Yagami, Light, let's all try to catch Kira, no matter what!

-Yes. -Excuse me, but you didn't include me.

It seems we're all here. Then let's begin our meeting.

To further the growth of the Yotsuba Group and for our company to become the biggest business in the world, who shall we k*ll?

It's tough to k*ll someone every week.

This may be irrelevant, but why has Kira begun k*lling like this?

Eiichi, haven't you already noticed?

What?

This is the most advantageous course of action for Kira.

Advantageous?

Is starting a k*lling service advantageous, Kyousuke?

I think you should keep quiet.

You might be k*lled for being too stupid.

The eight of us here are still young, but we're all aiming for the CEO position.

And since we started these meetings, our salaries have been raised well compared to the others.

It's kind of odd that Kira would back a company.

No matter how I think about it, one of us has to be Kira.

TAKESHI, EIICHI, MASAHIKO, KYOSUKE, REIJI, SUGURU, SHINGO, ARAYOSHI So, back to business. Does anyone have a proposal?

Who should we have Kira k*ll to further our interests?

Humans

are disgusting creatures.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW This is not good.

The way you talk.

It's as if you won't be happy unless Kira is me.

Stop messing around, Ryuzaki!
