DECEMBER 2017 Roger, what did you say?

Can you say that again?

L is dead.

Dead?

How?

Did Kira k*ll him?

Is that what happened?

I'm afraid so.

He said he would get Kira the death sentence.

But he got k*lled in the end.

Is that so?

Mello.

Whoever doesn't win the game or solve the puzzle is a loser.

So, did L choose me or Near?

He didn't choose anyone.

How can a dead person make a decision?

Mello.

Near.

Join forces.

Both of you should work together.

Okay.

Roger, that's impossible.

You know that Near and I don't get along, right?

We won't stop fighting.

We're rivals.

That's fine, Roger.

Let Near succeed L.

Near and I are very different.

He'll handle any case objectively and calmly as if he's solving a puzzle.

I'll take my leave.

And I'll leave this orphanage for good.

Mello.

I'm turning 15 years old soon anyway.

It's time for me to be independent.

During Kyosuke's arrest, there was a police officer standing close to him.

The police officer overheard him say that he just had to write a name in the notebook and that person will die.

Is the notebook called Death Note?

Yes.

It should be in the possession of the Japanese police now.

A BOY WHO GOES BY THE NAME OF NEAR TAKES FINDINGS FROM HIS THREE-YEAR INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION ON KIRA APPROACHES THE PRESIDENT, ACCOMPANIED BY THE DIRECTOR OF THE FBI Mr. President, the current L is a fake created by the Japanese police in order to prevent chaos.

The real L is dead.

Director Mason.

Who is this guy?

Well, he's the successor of the real L.

Let's just put it that way for now.

THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA ESTABLISHED THE SPK, COUNTER-KIRA ORGANIZATION INDEPENDENT OF L COMPRISES OF SELECTED AGENTS FROM THE FBI, THE CIA AND NEAR

However, under the current circumstances, it's impossible to restrict the Internet.

Investigation into Kira's case has been stalled for a long time.

Those who put the information of people they want k*lled on the internet are the ones who I hope will die.

But it looks like Kira can get some information from the internet.

Therefore, he won't k*ll these people.

Matsui is contradicting himself.

Certainly, everything will be fine as long as you don't do anything bad.

No.

To a good person, this world is getting better and better.

That's the easy conclusion that some people came up with.

Look who's talking.

No.

One day, everyone will see it that way.

Are we still on this topic?

Please drop this topic.

My darling, Light.

I'm home.

Welcome back.

You're home, Sayu.

Light and Misa.

I didn't expect to see you two here.

Welcome.

Sorry for bothering you.

You must be Mr. Matsuda.

Yes.

It's been a while.

Thank you for taking care of my dad.

Sayu.

You're all grown up now.

You were just a little girl when I last saw you.

Matsui, you're blushing!

No, I'm not!

I will never allow Sayu marry a police officer.

-What? -You're right.

She's not allowed to marry a police officer.

What? I didn't even propose.

I haven't even asked her out yet.

Father.

Mother.

-Father? -Mother?

Honestly, I think Mr. Matsuda is a great guy.

Do you really think so, Sayu?

Yes.

If you were younger, I might consider going out with you.

It seems like Sayu knows how to handle herself now.

No doubt. She's more matured than Matsuda.

But only Light that hasn't changed since the first time we met.

Light, you have a job now. Don't just live together.

Get married as soon as possible.

You're right.

A warm family, but such a shame.

It's really interesting.

How can I help you, Shuuichi?

Understood.

Matsuda and Light.

Come with me.

An abduction?

Who has abducted who?

The police chief, Mr. Takimura, has been abducted.

They don't know who the kidnapper is.

Damn.

The Kira case has caused enough trouble for us.

DEPUTY CHIEF'S OFFICE Are you sure about this?

We got the call 45 minutes ago at 6:12 p.m.

We're certain that the call was made from the abductee's cellphone.

Has the culprit made his demand?

Well...

They want to exchange the victim for the Death Note.

Who's the kidnapper? What's their motive?

Could it be Kira?

No, there'll be an endless stream of people trying to get the Death Note if the world finds out about it.

Dad.

How much does Mr. Takimura know about the notebook?

I think only those of us who are here know about it.

That's right.

We didn't mention it to him.

Someone knows about the existence of the Death Note.

Furthermore, the person knows that it's with the police and he's coming for it.

Notify all the police departments that the Mr. Takimura has been abducted.

All right.

Has the kidnapper called?

No.

Someone has come to see Mr. Takimura.

What?

I'm an FBI agent.

My name is John McEnroe.

Of course, that's not my real name.

I'm here to investigate on Kira's case.

Please, forgive me.

Kira?

Unfortunately, the person you're looking for is not in the office.

I'll be glad to talk with you on his behalf.

I believe that's fine.

Then I'll get straight to the point.

The Japanese police force is unreliable.

To help us solve the case, could you please hand the notebook over to our country?

So, it was the FBI?

Where did you hide the police chief?

What are you talking about?

Stop putting on a show.

You guys have committed a crime.

What do we gain by abducting the chief of the Japanese police force?

-How do you know about the notebook? -What's going on?

It looks like someone has abducted the police chief.

And they've come for the notebook.

Commander Rester.

Please get in touch with them on the bases of saving the police chief and helping them catch the kidnapper.

Once you get the chance, take the notebook.

I understand.

Can you hear me?

This is the headquarters.

Here are your orders.

Did he say anything?

The Japanese police force is scared of Kira.

In reality, the only people working with L were Souichirou Yagami, Kanzou Mogi and Touta Matsuda.

Am I right?

Yes.

There was another man called Ukita. But he's dead.

Are you telling me that as the police chief, you know nothing about the existence of the notebook?

The Japanese police are really useless.

The guy with the highest rank and in command of the headquarters is Yagami, right?

I assume that there are two notebooks.

Kira has one of them.

And the Japanese police force has the other one.

We'll take them both.

As long as we do as Mello says, nothing will go wrong.

In the year and a half since Mello's arrival, has he been wrong about anything?

But you joined us by presenting us with the head of a mafia boss who even Kira failed to k*ll.

Why would someone like you be obsessed with this notebook?

I don't want just the notebook.

I want to k*ll whoever gets in my way.

I want to be number one.

By hook or by crook, I have to b*at Near.

Sir.

What's wrong? Stop yelling.

I'm sorry.

Eddie and I fell asleep.

And Kanichi Takimura managed to hang himself.

You idiot.

What's the point of doing this if the hostage is dead?

No, it'll be fine.

This is the doing of Kira.

He knows nothing about how we look or even our names.

That's why he'd rather k*ll the hostage.

In other words, Kira is someone who knows about this abduction.

Mello, what are you going to do?

Our next target will be Souichirou Yagami's daughter, Sayu Yagami.

At the moment, do we have any clues on the kidnapper's whereabouts?

There are no traces of the kidnapper after they abducted him.

What's going on?

Light.

This is about that FBI agent who called himself John McEnroe.

His real name is Rally Connors.

That's great.

The investigation is real too.

The top g*ns of the FBI have offered their assistance in finding the police chief.

Can we trust them?

The police chief should already be dead.

Why haven't we heard anything from them?

Have they given up on the deal because the hostage is dead?

Are they only capable of that?

Dad.

Everyone here has to be careful.

Although the police chief doesn't know about the notebook, he knows the people who were conducting the investigation with L.

If he reveals this, -we might become their target. -Light.

What?

I'll be a good girl tonight and go to bed on my own.

All right. Good night.

Good night.

Then I'll be here.

We are not the only people in danger.

What about our families?

CALL FROM MR. TAKIMURA It's from the chief's cellphone.

It's from the kidnapper.


Shuuichi.

Yes, trace the call.

This is Yagami.

Hello, sir.

The exchange deal involving the chief and the notebook is off.

Takimura is dead.

What?

You bastard.

But only the deal involving him is canceled.

Give us the notebook in exchange for Sayu Yagami.

As the deputy police chief, it doesn't make sense for you to not contact the police, but I hope you will act alone.

I'll k*ll your daughter if you do anything stupid.

That's right.

Just like what we did to the police chief.

I'll send you images of his body by email now.

Please take a good look at them.

I'll call you again tomorrow.

They got me.

His death has gotten Sayu in trouble.

Light, things are getting interesting.

He is...

-How could this happen? -Damn it.

YAGAMI RESIDENCE Hi.

Darling, is it you?

It's strange that you're calling from your work phone.

Sayu?

I have no idea.

Now that you mention it, she's staying out late.

Sayu.

LIGHT

Dad, are you all right?

I think it wasn't the kidnapper who k*lled Mr. Takimura. It was Kira.

I suppose he didn't want the notebook to fall into the hands of the kidnappers.

Justice is very important to Kira, so he doesn't want the notebook to fall into the hands of bad people.

If Kira did k*ll Mr. Takimura, then he would also be able to access police information.

I think we better go with this assumption.

Otherwise, Kira might k*ll another hostage.

That's right.

Near.

The police chief, who was abducted has been k*lled.

Who k*lled him?

Who k*lled him?

The kidnapper, of course.

It'd be interesting if the k*ller turns out to be Kira.

Yes.

If the hostage has d*ed, there's no way he can get the notebook.

If it was really Kira, I think we could figure out who Kira is.

By the way, Commander Rester.

Did you manage to track him down?

Well, four years ago, he was indeed at the orphanage you mentioned.

After that, he's untraceable.

That's it then.

Mello.

You always get too emotional and neglect the most important things.

Maybe you don't have anything to do with this case?

Why would you leave a photo of yourself?

This is Yagami.

Your daughter has finally arrived.

Where?

I'm sure you can find out where I am.

Come and we'll do the exchange.

Come with the notebook alone.

Get to Los Angeles within two days.

I'll do the exchange with you when I'm sure that my daughter's safe.

Let me listen to her voice.

All right.

I'll send you her pictures by email.

Sayu.

Sir.

We've narrowed it down to Los Angeles' Fifth Avenue.

The TV show in the background is currently airing in Los Angeles.

They took that picture to let us know that she's okay.

That's great.

At least, Sayu is still alive.

I will take the notebook to Los Angeles as the deputy police chief and as Sayu Yagami's dad.

I'll make all decisions and bear full responsibility for everything.

Dad.

We should come up with a strategy first.

That's right, sir.

But I have to be there within two days.

I don't have much time.

Are you saying that it was Kira who k*lled Kanichi? Not the kidnapper?

It was just an assumption.

But if my theory is right, it means that Kira can access police information.

-Hello? -This is L.

The person on the line says he's L.

Director John McEnroe.

No. This is regarding Agent Rally Connors.

Deputy Chief Yagami has told me about it.

Could you please assist us in the investigation of Mr. Takimura's m*rder case?

Well...

Give me the phone.

I'm the second-generation L. Hi.

Second-generation L?

What's going on?

Who are you?

There's no point in hiding it from you.

We're not relying on L.

A new organization has been established to catch Kira.

It's called the SPK.

Around seven people in this organization have known about L's death.

L's death?

How did he find out?

I'm in charge of the SPK.

As for my name, you can call me N.

N?

Is he joking?

But this feeling...

What is going on?

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW Damn, what the hell is going on?

I've looked into those on duty today.

None of them seemed suspicious.

I've made it in time.

At this juncture, is k*lling the only option?

Sayu.