When you've verified that I'm Kira, we'll get married.

So that's it.

Kyosuke is Kira.

If the judging of criminals stop, then it means that Kyosuke has Kira's power.

However, I knew Misa would do anything for Light Yagami, but I didn't think she'd go this far.

If the judging of criminals stop, then we won't be able to see how he kills people.

I have to think of a solution.

Misa.

How did you get Kyosuke to say it?

He was head over heels for me.

So I said, "If you're really Kira, I'll marry you."

And he was sure I was the second Kira.

I can't tell him that there might be contradictions in the future Idiot!

Didn't I tell you to deny that?

But now that we know Kyosuke is Kira, can't we just catch him?

Isn't that considered an achievement, Mr. Matsuda?

But at the moment, we still don't know how he kills people.

That's where the problem lies.

Compared to catching Kyosuke, I'm more interested in knowing how he kills people.

If the judging of criminals just stops here, we won't know how he kills.

Am I right?

Yes.

Since we'll catch him sooner or later, we should make a decision only when the deaths of criminals have stopped.

Let me think about it.

Wedy.

-Yes. -How's it going?

Good.

We can monitor about 70% of the activities of these seven men when they are in the company's building.

What about when they're outside?

It's impossible to just rely on Watari and me to do that.

What if we just focus on Kyosuke?

Kyosuke?

Only five of them are at home now.

Shingo, Reiji and Kyosuke use special security systems at home.

Especially Kyosuke.

He recently built a basement that blocks electromagnetic waves.

It took me two days to infiltrate the place.

He's definitely suspicious.

I understand.

So does that mean instead of his home, we should install a bugging device, transmitter and camera in his car?

In his car?

It was already very difficult for us to infiltrate his house.

Do you know how many cars Kyosuke has?

Six.

I understand.

Should I install them in all of his cars?

Yes, please. Thank you.

If the bugging device had been installed earlier, I would've been in trouble.

Light. Sorry, but I'm going to sound like a broken record.

I'll just be direct.

What is it?

Do you remember the time when you k*lled someone?

Why are you bringing that up again?

I'm not Kira!

-How many times do I have to say... -Please answer my question.

Do you remember?

I don't.

What about Ms. Amane?

I don't remember it because I'm not even Kira.

Light, please think carefully about what I'm going to say next.

Because your answer will determine whether we can catch Kira or not.

Light was once Kira but he has transferred the power of Kira to someone else.

He has forgotten that he was once Kira.

Could you please conduct an analysis based on what I just said?

Okay, I'll try.

Light was once Kira but he transferred Kira's power to someone else.

Was that done out of Light's own will?

Or was there someone else, who could grant Kira's power, who had transferred the power from Light to someone else?

Based on that premise, I think it should be Light's own will.

I think so too.

If there's such a person who can grant power and transfer it but would not like people to know his method of k*lling...

It's weird that he'd transfer the power only at the last minute.

If indeed there is such an omnipotent and omniscient being, we will never be able to catch the person.

I would have been k*lled long ago too or be manipulated by them.

Therefore, it's impossible that this person exists.

Even if Light Yagami was once Kira.

Kira's power can only be transferred by the will of the person who possesses it.

Thanks, Light. Now I'm 99% relieved.

Let's create a plan so Kyosuke can't transfer the power.

So we can investigate how he kills people.

What are you planning to do?

To use Sakura TV as a bait for Kyosuke.

-The talk show? -What's that?

Hitoshi still produces the Kira special program every week.

Ask him for a three-hour slot and when the show starts, we'll say that the identity of Kira will be revealed at the end of the show.

Will anyone believe that?

Besides, it's Sakura TV.

Maybe Kyosuke doesn't even watch the show.

Ask Reiji to call Kyosuke right after the show starts and say, "Damn! Turn on the TV right now."

That'll work.

Then, when he realizes that the show's participant knows Kira's secrets, Kyosuke will believe it.

I see. So we have to use Aiber?

Are we going to reveal that he's actually a spy?

You got it all wrong.

I'm not going to use Aiber.

It must be someone who Kyosuke thinks he can k*ll when he sees the program.

That is to say, it should be someone whom he can easily look up with just a name.

Is there such a person?

-It's none other than Mr. Matsuda. -Mr. Matsuda!

-What? -Mr. Matsuda.

Kyosuke will think that Mr. Matsuda tried to eavesdrop on their meeting.

I think it would work if it looks like it's an exposure by a manager who was supposed to be dead.

Right.

Sakura TV always has a screen and a voice filter ready for their witnesses.

From the testimony and the outline of the silhouette, Kyosuke will guess it's Mr. Matsui.

Then we'll intentionally allow the viewers to see the person behind the screen.

Sounds fun!

Then at the end of the program, -he'll reveal the true identity of Kira. -The real name of Kira is...

Given the situation, Kyosuke will immediately want to know your real name.

Then, we'll be able to predict Kyosuke's next moves.

And find out how he's been k*lling people and arrest him.

If there's a flaw with this plan, it would be if Kyosuke can k*ll someone based on their looks, like what the second Kira did.

Then Mr. Matsuda will be k*lled.

However, if Mr. Matsuda survives and if Kyosuke really wants Misa, we have nothing to worry about.

But we can only execute this plan after the judging of criminals stop.

We'll observe things for two to three days to be sure of that.

Take a few days to think about whether you'll do it or not, Mr. Matsuda.

I don't need to think about it.

I'll do it.

What are we doing so secretly?

Reiji, who do you think is Kira?

Why do you ask?

It could be you, Suguru, or even Shingo.

No, it's not Suguru.

He once came to me and said he couldn't continue with Kira's evil acts anymore.

Suguru, if Shingo was Kira, you'd be dead.

No.

Shingo and you can be successful on their own.

You don't have to take part in that stupid meeting of eight people.

It's so simple. Even I know that.

We're only together because we're scared of being k*lled by Kira.

But if this goes on, they'll find out about us sooner or later.

No, it'll never end if this doesn't happen.

Suguru, let me ask you a question then.

Who do you think is Kira?

It could be Eiichi or Kyosuke.

Eiichi is merely a disguise for Kira.

There has to be someone who's not as smart as Kira is.

I think all of us have figured it out.

It's Kyosuke.

That's right. Kyosuke is the one who desires money and power the most.

He may have that look of disdain on his face but that's just to show how he has no regard for other people.

He doesn't know how to manage people.

No wonder he was demoted from Director of Development to Head of Development.

Am I the only person you invited to discuss this?

I've talked with Takeshi but he said, "You can talk about such a lame secret among yourselves."

He's always very straightforward.

As for Masahiko, since he's responsible for Eraldo's funds, he can't be Kira.

Reiji, in our meeting after Arayoshi's death, you received a phone call, right?

What's that phone call about?

Suguru, you've got sharp eyes.

Kira must have gotten you to join him because he appreciates your vigilance.

This is Reiji.

I'm L.

Mr. Namikawa, are you alone?

No.

Then you should just go along with me.

There's no such need.

These people already think that the phone call I received during the previous meeting was odd.

Who's on the line, Reiji?

It's L.

L, I'm with Shingo and Suguru.

I don't think either of them is Kira.

Plus, both of them also don't like Kira.

No matter what, they'll just wait and see how L deals with Kira.

All right.

We have to catch Kira tonight.

I hope you can help us.

This is the end for Kyosuke.

You already knew?

Even L would fall for this.

Your reaction just confirmed that it's Kyosuke.

Reiji's incredible!

I've always thought he looks really intelligent.

No, that's a failure on Light's part.

Sakura TV will air a special program about Kira at 7 p.m. tonight to report what Kyosuke's has done.

A few minutes after the program starts, please ask Kyosuke to watch it.

I guarantee that the other six wouldn't be harmed.

But if Masahiko, Eiichi or Takeshi tries to do something stupid, please stop them.

Okay, I understand.

Looks like it really is Kyosuke.

He'll be caught tonight.

I've stopped judging criminals for three days.

I think it's about time.

When I marry the second Kira, Amane Misa, I'll have the Shinigami Eyes.

Then I'll be able to gain dominance over all of Yotsuba.

Kyosuke, this is bad. Turn on the TV.

Sakura TV.

So one of them is Kira?

Yes.

I have a lot of evidence that can prove that.

What's this? It must be fake.

After all, it's Sakura TV.

But they mentioned the eight-person meeting when the program started.

Someone who knows about the meeting?

Who could've betrayed us?

One of them was k*lled. Now there are only seven of them left.

The person who was k*lled was Mr. A.

A?

It's Arayoshi.

Someone who knows this much...

Is he one of the six? No, it's Eraldo.

Mr. A said he wanted to leave the group.


He ended up being k*lled by Kira.

No.

The six others and Eraldo would not benefit from doing this.

But who else knows about the meeting?

Could it be him? That bastard...

SPECIAL REPORT ON KIRA, THE CONCLUSION TODAY'S SHOW WILL REVEAL THE TRUE IDENTITY OF KIRA.

It's that bastard?

Come here!

He was Misa's manager. I remember his name was Taro.

Why is he still alive?

He just said he thought he'd be k*lled. So he pretended to jump off the balcony.

But he actually escaped from the veranda below.

No. To be safe, I took a look at his name on the business card when I got home and wrote it in the Death Note.

But why is he still alive?

Could he be using the stage name that he used during his days as an artist?

I don't know.

Furthermore, he has been investigating Yotsuba and has found out who Kira is.

I'm trying to contact everyone now.

Got it. I'll end the conversation here.

Will you be fine after what just happened?

Should we stop this interview?

No, I've always known that doing this would put me in danger.

But in the name of justice, I have to persevere, even if that means I'll be k*lled by Kira.

Good!

But it's more meaningful if we leave the revelation of Kira's identity to the end of the show.

I have to k*ll him.

Misa is the second Kira.

She knows what he looks like and his real name too, of course.

MISA

It's him.

What's wrong?

To be honest, I've been hesitating about making this announcement.

But my conscience told me to do it.

Damn.

-We'll reveal Kira's identity soon. -I'd be exposed soon.

Please stay with us.

Cosme Misa.

The luster of a little devil.

The sparkles of an angel.

Misa's new lipstick.

Shingo, it's me.

We'll be screwed by Sakura TV.

Please ask your father in the House of Councillors to get the Ministry of Home Affairs to stop this program.

I'm also watching this program. I don't think that's possible.

Besides, no one believes this program.

Stopping it will only arouse suspicion.

Besides, I don't think we should be worried.

The guy whose face was shown on TV has been confirmed to be Taro Matsui.

Reiji asked everyone to watch the TV.

Since Kira is one of us, Taro Matsui will die soon.

That's right.

I don't know Taro Matsui's real name.

I'm Kira but if I tell them that, I will be giving myself away.

-Everyone, -You're right.

-we'll reveal Kira's identity soon. -That's all then.

Stay tuned.

Damn!

Ryuzaki.

Kyosuke called Mr. Mogi who was in front of Yoshida Productions.

Okay, here we go. Just as we thought.

Kanzou, where's Misa?

Mr. Higuchi, thank you for doing business with us.

Misa is having a much-needed break.

She has gone out.

She should be back tomorrow morning.

-That's right. -I'm asking you where she had gone.

That's a private matter. She doesn't want anyone to know.

I'm sorry.

I'll get her to call you tomorrow, okay?

Damn! I already know what he looks like.

If I have his name as well, I can k*ll him anytime.

Was Misa's ex-manager previously an artist?

-Who? -He's called Taro Matsui, right?

I only took over his work. I don't know anything.

I think the company might have knowledge of that.

But everyone's gone on a vacation to Okinawa.

Could you please call the president?

Everything is going as planned. It's really scary.

Don't worry, Light. You should be happy instead.

Kyosuke has contacted the president of Yoshida Productions.

This is Kyosuke of Yotsuba.

Is Taro Matsui the real name of that guy?

Kyosuke has become more direct in his questioning.

He's really stupid.

It shows he's getting desperate.

-What's his real name? -I think his last name is Yamada.

No, it's Yamashita.

As for his first name...

-I don't remember. -Stop playing around!

Shouldn't you remember the names of your employees?

Why are you raising your voice?

I can check his résumé back at the office.

Then, go and check right now.

Please give me a break.

We haven't gone on a company trip for two years.

Since this is so urgent, I'll give you the code to the office's main door.

You can go and look for the information yourself.

The résumés are in the bottom drawer of the desk to your left when you enter the office.

They're in alphabetical order.

I think his last name is Yamashita.

If they're announcing it at the end of the show, I still have two hours.

Will he act?

We've confirmed it's Kyosuke. He has only a briefcase with him.

I'm going after him.

Up till now, everything is going according to plan.

Yes.

I'll k*ll him for sure.

I've come this far. How can I let myself be defeated?

I must give my all!

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW

-I'll be the strongest! -Hold on!

-I don't feel like using this. -Kyosuke has a g*n!

-Chief has been sh*t! -Did you guys make a mistake?

There's no doubt about death this time around.

-Just surrender. -Please think carefully.

-That's all! -We've caught up!
