It's been a while.

Thank you for taking care of my dad.

Sayu.

You're all grown up now.

-I'm Souichirou. -Deputy Chief.

The exchange deal involving the chief and the notebook is off.

What?

Give us the notebook in exchange for Sayu Yagami.

Come with the notebook alone.

Get to Los Angeles within two days.

I'm the second-generation L. Hi.

I'm in charge of the SPK.

As for my name, you can call me N.

N?

Is he joking?

But this feeling...

What is going on?

The vibe that he gives me is similar to L.

He reminds me of L.

Although I said we wouldn't be depending on L, in reality, over in the States, neither the FBI nor the CIA has been listening to L.

We give priority to my orders.

But murdering the chief of the Japanese police is an unforgivable crime.

I personally feel that this case might help us apprehend Kira.

Therefore, I'm more than glad to offer our assistance.

Help apprehend Kira?

Who is this guy?

He's so full of confidence.

What's wrong, L?

Nothing.

Actually, after the police chief was k*lled, the same people kidnapped Deputy Chief Yagami's daughter.

They've told him to go to Los Angeles to do the exchange.

Exchange?

With the notebook, right?

Yes.

I understand.

I won't divulge too many details.

I'll try my best to send all my agents to Los Angeles and monitor the whole of Los Angeles with satellite cameras.

No.

I'll pass the command of this operation to you, L.

That's great!

We're in command of this operation.

But they said that the States would no longer be depending on L.

Near, is this okay?

The fake L hasn't been serious about catching Kira.

And now you've passed the command to him...

Isn't that better?

That means we can take advantage of the situation.

Of course, our priority is to protect human life, but the goal of the SPK is to get the notebook and catch Kira.

Light.

I don't mind if I have to sacrifice my life.

You must save Sayu.

I'm counting on you.

Don't be silly.

You might think it's okay to do that, but do you know how much the people you leave behind will have to suffer?

You're not allowed to die in front of Sayu.

At some point, you might lose contact with me or have to make decisions on your own.

When that happens, you have to choose the option that protects both you and Sayu.

Promise me.

Light.

Really?

Can I come with you?

Yes.

This time, we might need the power of your eyes.

That's great! Thank you!

I'm going to pack now.

I can't decide.

Light.

Which one should I take with me?

If things get worse, I'll have to k*ll Sayu.

Dad.

I'll go to Los Angeles first and make all the arrangements.

Mr. Ide and the others will come afterwards.

But you have to take separate flights.

Just in case, Mr. Aizawa, you will follow my dad and take the same flight as him.

I understand.

I'll get a haircut to disguise myself.

I'm counting on you guys.

Please.

Mr. Yagami.

What's wrong? Are you with the kidnappers?

Take flight SE338.

Your ticket is with me.

Hurry up and go to the boarding gate 18.

Understood.

There's a man who is talking to him at Narita Airport. Should I catch him?

Mr. Aizawa, please calm down.

Catching that man does not help us in any way.

Just make sure you don't lose him.

Damn.

The Deputy Chief and that man are boarding a different flight from ours.

-I'll follow using my police credentials. -Mr. Aizawa, please calm down.

It will be over if they find out about us.

Do you know where they are going?

Let me check.

This flight is also going to Los Angeles.

They've even managed to switch flights.

Damn.

Flight SE338.

Flight SE338.

Do you copy? You've veered off your flight path.

This is flight SE338.

I hear you loud and clear.

We haven't veered off our flight path. I did that on purpose.

What are you talking about?

Is this a joke?

This is not a hijacking.

I'm just making a small detour to drop off one of our passengers.

You can track us using radar, but if you try to mess with what I'm doing, I won't hesitate to crash the plane and die with everyone else.

Light. No, I mean, L.

The deputy chief's plane is flying in a different direction, away from Los Angeles.

I heard they're going to drop off someone. I suppose it's the deputy chief.

Damn it, what the hell is going on?

I've looked into the flight crew on duty today.

None of them seemed suspicious.

The captain has more than 15 years of experience.

The first officer looked all right too.

How did the kidnapper manage to come this far?

Damn, I have no choice.

Director, this is L. I'd like to speak to N.

Okay.

N, I'm sure you know what's going on right now.

Could you please contact the airlines, the police and the m*llitary and tell them to hold off for the time being?

What is L trying to do?

He's really unreliable.

Understood, L.

We'll estimate their landing position and monitor that area with satellite.

Let us know if you want us to help you with something.

This is a wireless earpiece.

Put it in your ear.

Souichirou.

Only you can hear me.

Listen carefully.

I'm the mastermind behind your daughter's abduction.

I don't want the life of either your daughter or you.

The only thing I want right now is the notebook.

If you do as I say, I won't k*ll either of you.

I'm sure you'll agree with the way I planned for the exchange. You'll find that it's very safe.

Don't try to go against me.

Exchanging the notebook for my daughter's life with an unknown person.

At this critical moment, which one should I pick?

As a police officer, a human being and as a parent.

L.

The satellite has captured the landing position.

I'll send you all the images that I'm looking at right now.

Dad.

What's going on?

Why are they doing the exchange here?

Souichirou, do you see that?

Enter through here.

-Is it underground? -This is getting interesting.

Damn, it's underground.

Had they figured out that we'd use the satellite?

There's no way we can monitor their movements.

This is bulletproof glass. I'm sure you know what that is.

Until a few years ago, this place was used for arms dealing by certain organizations.

Then we made some changes to it.

Put the notebook in here.

Once you've done that, I'll open this lock.

Then both of us will take a step back and rotate the glass door.

Then the notebook will be here and your daughter will be there.

If you refuse to proceed with this, I have no choice but to sh**t her.


L, what's your plan?

You're not planning to let the notebook fall into the hands of some unknown person, aren't you?

Y462, act now.

Hand the notebook over.

Open it up and put it through the glass door to your left.

Damn, I don't have a choice.

I've just arrived here.

I can't use the identity of L to tell the police what to do.

At this rate, the notebook will...

Light, what's wrong? Are you all right?

-You look pale... -Shut up and do as I say.

You have to be more serious in judging the criminals in Japan.

They're investigating Kira.

You know there'll be dire consequences if you stop the judgment, don't you?

Yes.

-By "they", you mean... -Shut up. Just do as I say.

He's angry.

I still have time.

At this juncture, is k*lling Sayu the only option?

Then I'll test the notebook.

Test?

-Are you going to k*ll someone? -Well, I'll have to test it before I do the exchange, right?

Do you want your daughter to be k*lled?

No way.

Only people within the police force know about this.

I can't blame Kira for Sayu's death.

What's wrong? Miller, are you okay?

This is what you get for selling the mafia's dr*gs.

Although he's useless, he's finally proven his worth.

Y462, the target is dead.

It looks like this notebook is effective.

Then put it down.

Exchange it for your daughter.

Sayu. Dad.

Hey, they're safe now.

The criminals are walking towards a helicopter.

We can confirm that's their means of transportation, right?

This means the exchange has been finalized.

After this, we won't know what they will be up to.

Track their helicopter until it lands.

Don't lose track of them on the satellite cameras.

It's a difficult task. You make it sound so easy.

I understand. I'll try my best.

Damn. They're one step ahead of us.

A m*ssile?

That kind of m*ssile is untraceable by radar.

They're using a m*ssile to deliver the notebook?

The m*ssile has been launched.

Helicopter and m*ssile. Where's the notebook?

Sir, I'm sure you've seen it. Everything went according to plan.

Good job.

This will make up for my past failures, right?

Yes, of course.

Do it.

-Near, the helicopter. -Just as I thought.

That means the notebook is on the m*ssile.

There's no way we can track the m*ssile.

We've completely lost our target.

If the m*ssile lands in an uninhabited area, it won't be too difficult to recover it.

I'm sure they would have gotten a hold of the notebook by now.

What's the first thing they'll do?

It's obvious.

L.

-Yes? -They got us.

They got us?

Yes.

Almost all the members of SPK have been k*lled.

L, all your people handed the notebook over so helplessly.

N, are you saying that you would've prevented this if you were in command?

No, they had such a thorough plan. None of us could've prevented it.

There's no point blaming each other now.

We should be exchanging information and working together.

Actually, I do have some information on the kidnappers.

I think the person behind it is someone called Mello.

Mello?

I don't have his picture or know his real name.

All I know is that four years ago, he was at an orphanage called Wammy's House in Winchester, England.

Wammy's House?

I remember it was set up by Watari.

I think Mello is playing a game with me to see who can catch the ultimate boss, Kira.

Armo Justin.

It should be Armonia Justin.

I told my king about losing the notebook.

After I described the notebook to him, he said Ryuk had told him that he lost it and took it.

Tell me what I should do.

Then get Ryuk to return it.

Of course.

I'll have to go to the Human World then.

It's a trip you have to make.

I see.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW Calm down and listen to me.

November 10, 2359 hours.

All the mafia members will die.

That's the best time for you to get the notebook back.