So one of them is Kira?

Yes, I have a lot of evidence that can prove that.

-The person k*lled was Mr. A. -The person k*lled was Mr. A.

-We're revealing Kira's identity soon. -If Kyosuke can k*ll someone based on their looks like what the second Kira did, Mr. Matsuda will be k*lled.

SPECIAL REPORT ON KIRA, THE CONCLUSION TODAY'S SHOW WILL REVEAL THE TRUE IDENTITY OF KIRA It's that bastard?

Stop playing around!

Shouldn't you remember the names of your employees?

I still have two hours.

We've confirmed that it's Kyosuke. He only has a briefcase with him.

I'm going after him.

I'll k*ll him for sure.

I have to give my all!

Cosme Misa.

The luster of a little devil.

The glow of an angel.

Ryuzaki, the commercial break has ended.

I see.

So eight people, including Kira and I, were drinking.

This is interesting.

To be specific, those who were there at the time knew who Kira was.

But I can't give you more details now.

So, who is Kira?

Please stay tuned to find out.

Channel one is audio from Kyosuke's car.

Please set channel two to Sakura TV.

Kyosuke is definitely watching TV in his car.

Back to what we were talking about earlier, -you said you've met Kira, right? -Yes.

But at the time, I didn't know who Kira was.

He now knows how you look. It's really brave of you to come to the show.

Is everything going to be fine?

Yes, according to my investigation, the people who Kira wants to k*ll have to meet two characteristics.

There have been many speculations on what these characteristics are, but I'm very sure of this.

What the person looks like and the person's name.

But Kira has only one of these two pieces of required information.

So he came to the show because his name hasn't been revealed?

In that case, maybe there isn't a record of his real name anywhere.

I've been thinking about his résumé. What if I can't find it at the company?

Rem, what do you think?

About what?

Rem? Who's that?

There should be only one person in the car.

I don't see anyone else in the car.

He's also not on his cellphone.

Could there be a radio?

No, there's no radio in the car.

Only our bugging device, monitoring device and transmitter are in the car.

I'm sure Wedy did everything according to plan.

Maybe I wouldn't even find his résumé at Yoshida Productions.

Is he talking to himself?

I wouldn't know either.

Smart people would get rid of any record of their names before going on TV.

Besides, it's careless of Yoshida Productions to let me go and look for it myself.

If there's a break-in, they'd think that I'm the culprit.

This doesn't look good.

Don't worry. He'll definitely go there.

Even if I find his résumé, what if he uses a fake name?

Given the circumstances, I think it is very likely for him to do that.

Getting Kyosuke to go to Yoshida Productions could be part of Light or Misa's plan.

But if the show goes on and he finds out that you're Kira, he'll reveal your name.

These are the facts.

Okay, we have less than one hour before the big reveal.

You should just go and take a look whether the name is real or fake.

As long as you can k*ll people using the notebook, no one will suspect you.

Yes, I understand that.

But to be safe, after I k*ll him, I should k*ll all the Yoshida employees whom I've spoken with on the phone, as well as Misa and her manager.

He wants to k*ll me.

Don't worry. He said he'd do it only after k*lling Mr. Matsuda.

It doesn't make sense for him to k*ll anyone before he kills Mr. Matsuda.

That's right.

Think carefully.

You only need to k*ll that guy.

If you k*ll everyone who you've spoken on the telephone with, you'll become a suspect based on their call history.

That's right.

Rem, you're pretty smart.

Then I'll manipulate them to delete their call history before I k*ll them.

But telephone companies will still have the records.

Who could Rem be?

If he's not talking to himself then who is he talking to?

The only person who can be talking with him right now is... a Shinigami.

I think...

Let me deal with this guy first.

How about you return the ownership of the notebook to me?

No, I can't escape the tragic fate even if I do that.

That guy says he has evidence.

Besides, when they look at Yotsuba's growth, people will believe what that guy says.

Everyone will believe him when he reveals who Kira is.

Even if he can't give any concrete proof, my life will still be over.

Forget about being successful, I might not even be able to stay in Yotsuba.

Of course, our production team has made this show assuming that Kira will watch it.

Then I'd like to say this to Kira.

Kira, turn yourself in.

Is this guy pretending to be an idiot?

That night, he managed to escape death.

No matter what, I will have to k*ll him.

Kyosuke has arrived at Yoshida Productions.

This is getting interesting.

Turn left after the door.

The last desk.

The bottom drawer.

Taichiro Yamashita.

Come on. Show us how you k*ll people.

I'm ready to catch Kyosuke at any time now.

I'm just waiting for your signal.

Okay.

Taichiro Yamashita.

No way!

He left after writing down the name.

Is he not going to act now?

Ryuzaki, should we catch him?

We wouldn't be able to see how he kills people.

Maybe he'll do something in the car.

Show Kyosuke's car on monitor one.

I'm sure he can't wait to k*ll Mr. Matsuda but he's still so calm.

You're right.

He should've taken the résumé with him if he needs the name.

But he put it back in the drawer.

Thirty-six.

Thirty-seven.

Thirty-eight.

Thirty-nine.

Forty seconds.

Kira is a m*rder*r.

I'll never let him go.

Damn, he's still not dead yet!

What's going on?

He said, "He's still not dead yet!"

Does that mean he has tried to k*ll him?

Does writing down a name lead to k*lling?

What should we do now?

Should we wait and see what he does?

Does that mean he can k*ll someone by just having the person's name?

What's going on?

But we still don't know how he kills people.

I fear history will repeat itself if we catch him and question him now.

Fifty minutes to the revelation of Kira.

Damn, I don't have time.

He's making calls.

He might be calling Misa.

You're right.

Damn!

I already know what he looks like.

If I go back to the company, I can check the surveillance footage when he was eavesdropping during the meeting.

If I have Shinigami eyes, I might be able to live half of my remaining lifespan.

But if my name is revealed, my life will end right away.

I'll just live a short, but fulfilled life then.

Rem, I want to make a deal with you.

Deal?

Who is this Rem he's been talking to?

Was Kira actually given power by the heavens?

I don't want to believe so.

Then who is Rem?

A Shinigami.

Let's just continue observing him.

A lot of clues seem to be emerging.

Maybe they'll help us find out how he kills people.

Now I'll be the strongest. Now I can do whatever I want.

I'll go after him.

Driver of the Porsche, please stop your car.

Please pull over and stop your car.

Damn.

Kyosuke has been pulled over by the traffic officer.

I'll have to keep going. Aiber, I'm counting on you.

You were speeding.

Can I see your license?

Okay.

Show me the inside of Kyosuke's car on full screen.

Where did I put my driver's license?

I don't have time for this.

Ito Shiroba, death due to a traffic collision.

Stop!

Kyosuke has gotten away from the traffic officer.

Bastard!

This is the traffic officer.

The traffic officer has collided with a truck.

It's a fatal crash.

Fatal crash? He's dead?

Damn.

Kyosuke reached into his briefcase just now.

Did he do something then?

What's even more puzzling is how did he find out the police officer's name.

Does that mean he only needs to know how the person looks like, like Kira does?

Rem? A deal?

No.

If he can k*ll just by knowing how one looks like, he can k*ll Mr. Matsuda immediately.

So, what's going on?

But...

Listen up, everyone.

It'll be too dangerous if we let Kyosuke do whatever he wants.

Let's catch him now!

Kyosuke can k*ll someone just by knowing how they look like, just like Kira does.

So, please be careful when you're trying to catch him.

Watari, put me through to the police chief.

All right.

This is L.

We've figured out who Kira is.

He's driving a Porsche 911 from Hibiya towards Shibuya on National Route One.

Let us catch him.

Please tell your men not to go near that Porsche.


Dad.

After the commercials, we'll execute the seventh strategy.

I understand.

Hitoshi, after the next commercial break, we'll replace Mr. Matsuda and the host with mannequins.

Use the audio that we've prepared.

That will make it look like the show is still going on.

Leave the cameras behind.

All employees should leave the building.

Light, let's go.

Okay.

Hey!

Ms. Amane, I'm sorry.

I have to tie you up for a while. Please don't move around.

How could you do that?

Stop playing around!

I didn't know you knew how to fly a helicopter, Ryuzaki.

I rely on my intuition.

It doesn't look like Kyosuke is heading towards Sakura TV.

He's heading in a different direction.

This route seems to indicate that he's going to Yotsuba.

You're really brave.

I know this is the right thing to do.

I just need to get to the headquarters and check the surveillance footage to see what he looks like.

Then I can k*ll him.

Wedy.

Destroy everything that has anything to do with Mr. Matsuda in Yotsuba.

Yes, that bastard is going to the headquarters.

What a coincidence.

I could get to the TV station first to meet with Mr. Yagami and the others.

Damn, I can't find anything!

It should be on this tape, but it has been deleted.

Has he come here to get rid of it?

Or did a traitor help him?

No, doing this won't help them evade punishment.

Well, I don't have much time. I've got to hurry.

It's nearly time for the big reveal.

Yes, I can't wait to make the announcement.

I understand how you feel.

Let's take a commercial break.

Damn.

I have no choice, but to go to Sakura TV to k*ll him.

Dad.

It looks like Kyosuke is heading towards Sakura TV.

He'll be there in less than 15 minutes. Are you going to be all right?

I don't want my son to ask me if I'm going to be all right.

I'll be fine, Light.

Do you have anything to say before the big reveal?

Well, I hope everyone will think carefully about what will happen

-after Kira gets caught. -Mr. Yagami, it's about time.

Yes.

Take this.

Aiber hates g*ns, so I'm the only one who has a g*n.

I'm no longer a police officer.

I'm not supposed to be carrying this.

You're not supposed to use yours in Japan either.

You're still so stubborn.

SAKURA TV

I've made it.

SAKURA TV Why is there no one at all?

Is this a precaution they're taking because they're broadcasting a true story?

Well, it's even better if no one else is here.

We just arrived at Sakura TV.

Everyone, get ready!

Aiber, let's go.

Okay, Kanzou.

We've been receiving a lot of phone calls and faxes supporting you for your courage to come here and reveal Kira's true identity.

Even the studio is empty.

-But I should be careful with the cameras. -I'm really sorry.

-We'll have to end the program here. -What?

Mannequins?

No way!

It's the end, Kyosuke!

Don't move!

Just surrender.

Did you make a mistake?

I'm here to meet with Mr. Demegawa.

They must be hiding their faces to protect themselves against Kira.

Then...

I'm from Yotsuba Group's development lab.

Let me find my business card.

Chief!

Aiber!

Damn, I really didn't want to use this thing.

Kyosuke has a g*n on him.

Chief has been sh*t.

Kyosuke has fled the scene.

I'll be fine.

Ryuzaki, I'm sorry.

Go after him and catch him.

Hurry up.

Damn, Kyosuke has left Sakura TV!

There's nothing else we can do.

We have to join this pursuit.

Watari, are you ready?

Yes.

Light.

Take this to protect yourself.

He could be Kira.

No, you're not allowed to carry a g*n in Japan.

I'm sure your dad must have said the same thing.

Yes.

What car is he driving?

Don't lose him.

No problem.

What happened just now?

Was that a trap?

Due to a change of program, we'll now broadcast the evening news.

The show has ended.

But I wasn't the one who stopped it.

Damn, what the hell...

What's going on?

It is definitely a trap.

All the police cars have tinted windows.

Has the police been secretly planning Kira's capture?

What is this?

Didn't we tell the police not to do anything?

The only person who'd do this is...

Yes, you're right.

Damn, I should go that way.

It's over.

Don't come near me! No one comes near me!

It's over.

Yes, it's over.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW

"Those whose names are in this notebook will die.

"You have to remember what they look like or it won't work.

Therefore, it won't work on people who share the same names."