Is there any problem?

Ryuzaki?

What's wrong?

The corner of this page has been ripped off.

Will the person still die if their name was written on it?

I'm not sure.

I've never used it that way before, so I have no idea.

Then, does a Shinigami only eat apples?

No.

However, the internal organs of the Shinigami has degraded...

No.

I mean they have evolved so there's no need to eat.

Light.

You are finally free, but you still haven't left this place.

Even when Misa came to see you, you talked with her only for a few minutes.

Won't it be nicer if you go out on a date?

The Kira case has not been solved yet.

I'm not in the mood for dates.

Does my presence annoy you?

No.

Given my current circumstances, I can't punish criminals.

Misa, you should do it.

Misa.

Let's create a new world together.

WANTED, MARUYAMA, SHIN TAROMARU

Be careful The gods are watching I'm walking in the dark streets Please hold my hand Even if I've gone to a faraway place alone You will always find me Please tell me Everything that you know Even if I forget No matter how many times it takes You will tell me.

But what am I supposed to do Once I know everything?

What's going on?

Another criminal has been k*lled.

There were 16 deaths just yesterday.

All the deaths were broadcasted after Kyosuke's death.

All of them.

Does that mean Kyosuke is not Kira?

No, before he was caught, Kyosuke did k*ll the criminals.

Then does that mean there's another Kira?

Why?

Damn it, Kira.

Why is another Kira making an appearance now?

What's going on?

It must be Misa.

Just right after Misa was freed.

Ryuzaki, you're still bringing this up.

It has nothing to do with Misa.

It happened as soon as Kyosuke d*ed.

You're right.

If there's another notebook and someone else is using it,

I will catch that person.

Although the Shinigami is not sure about this, it's possible that the person's name written on the torn piece of the notebook

will die.

But once someone writes a name in this notebook, they'll have to write another name within 13 days or they'll die.

Light and Misa are still alive.

Within 13 days.

This is the only problem.

But Ryuzaki, even if we catch the person who writes names in this notebook, will we be able to charge them for the murders and get a conviction?

Of course!

They wrote so many names in the notebook knowing that these people would be k*lled.

If we don't want the existence of the notebook to go public, we should at least destroy it.

Destroying it is not the best method.

But I think that's what our superiors would want.

If the accused is found to have committed the murders using the notebook, he will get the death penalty or at least a life sentence.

I think that's how it's going to be.

Light Yagami, what are you thinking?

If Misa is caught, you too can't get away with it.

I understand it now!

What a cunning guy!

Light Yagami knows for sure that I will save Misa.

Under these circumstances, the only way I can save Misa is to write Ryuzaki's real name in my own notebook.

Once I k*ll Ryuzaki,

this matter will interfere with Misa's lifespan.

I will also die at the end.

Everything has been set up by Light Yagami.

Rem, what are you planning to do?

You're a Shinigami, but you've fallen in love with Misa.

You won't just abandon Misa knowing that her lifespan has been reduced again.

Please think carefully for the sake of Misa's happiness.

What are you doing here, Ryuzaki?

What are you doing here, Ryuzaki?

What are you doing, Ryuzaki?

Nothing. It's no big deal.

Just the sound of bells.

The sound of bells?

Yes.

For some reason, they're very loud today.

I don't hear anything though.

Really?

Well, they've been ringing all day.

It bothers me.

Is it from the church?

Is there a wedding?

Or...

What are you talking about, Ryuzaki?

Stop talking nonsense.

Come back in.

I'm sorry.

I made everything up, so please don't believe anything I said.

Yes, Ryuzaki.

Most of the things you say aren't true.

If I take any of them seriously, there will never be an end.

I know that very well.

Yes, Light. You're right.

But the same thing applies to you.

What do you mean?

Have you only been telling truths since you were born?

What are you talking about, Ryuzaki?

I admit that I do lie sometimes.

From the moment you were born, has there ever been a point where you never lie at all?

No one is perfect.

Everyone lies.

Nevertheless, I keep reminding myself not to tell lies that hurt others.

That's my answer.

I knew you'd say that.

Let's go back inside.

We're soaked.

Okay.

You're completely soaked.

It's all your fault.

Why did you stand under the heavy rain?

You're right.

I'm sorry.

What are you doing, Ryuzaki?

I just wanted to help you.

You seem to be having difficulty drying yourself.

No, don't do that.

I can also give you a massage.

Take this as a token of my apology.

I'm really good at giving massages.

Do as you wish.

All right.

Hey!

You will get used to it.

You're still soaked.

I'm sorry.


It's sad, isn't it?

What?

We'll be parting ways soon.

Hello?

Understood.

I'll be there as soon as possible.

Light, let's go.

It looks like things are going well.

Ryuzaki, what's going on?

You got another country's permission to use the notebook as a death penalty?

Watari, good job.

Don't worry about it.

We have to act now.

Make arrangements for the delivery of the notebook immediately.

Yes.

Ryuzaki, what's going on?

I want to test the effectiveness of the notebook.

That's impossible.

By now, we know that it's effective even without doing a test on it.

Then who's going to write the name?

Once you've written a name, you have to keep writing a name every 13 days for the rest of your life.

The person who'll write the name will be a criminal who's due for execution in 13 days.

If the criminal is still alive after 13 days, he'll be pardoned from execution.

But

-how can we use human lives... -Well, we'll just have to wait.

If we can clarify this point, the case will be solved.

What? A blackout?

Watari.

Watari.

Data deletion? What's going on?

I told Watari to delete all data if something were to happen to him.

If something were to happen to him?

What?

Where's the Shinigami?

Yes, I don't see the Shinigami.

The Shinigami has disappeared.

What's going on?

Everyone, the Shinigami...

Ryuzaki, what's wrong?

Hey, Ryuzaki.

What's wrong? Stay strong.

-What's wrong? -What happened?

-Light, calm down. -We're going to be k*lled!

Watari and Ryuzaki...

We will be next!

Damn.

Where's the Shinigami? Come out!

Light.

You must know something about this. Come out!

Let's go and look.

Okay.

Kanzou, please take care of things here.

Okay.

Everyone, come here!

What's that?

Sand?

What's going on?

I don't care what that is.

I don't care what happened.

I will avenge Ryuzaki's death.

He can only rest in peace after I solve this case.

For Watari and the other victims.

For everyone.

Light.

You're right, Light.

But we're going to get k*lled.

That's what we're seeing before our eyes.

Mr. Matsuda, you can leave the team if you're scared of being k*lled.

This team is made up of people who are willing to die.

You're right.

Light, could you not talk like Ryuzaki?

All the obstacles have been removed.

From now on, I'm the god of the new world.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW Ryuzaki, Watari, Rem.

All the obstacles have been removed.

From now on, I'm the god of the new world.