Let's start the meeting.

Since there are only seven of them, one of the eight...

Must have been k*lled.

In order to expand Yotsuba Group's business, who should we k*ll this time?

What?

Hey, I was right!

Damn, at this rate...

But before that, we have to address a few issues in this meeting.

First, Arayoshi's death.

His death was inevitable.

To be honest, I'm relieved that he's dead.

That's what happens to people who try to leave this group.

Kira has shown us that clearly.

That's right.

Everyone, I'm sure you understand why Arayoshi had to die, right?

We should all remember that.

Next, Eraldo Coil's report.

One of their colleagues just d*ed. Is that all they're going to say?

Is this report all we got for five million dollars?

He didn't find out L's name and what he looks like.

How does this Eraldo guy benefit us?

Hey, hold on.

The last part of Eraldo's report warns us that we can't underestimate L's existence.

At this rate, if there are more deaths benefitting Yotsuba Group, especially if they happen on Fridays and Saturdays.

L might notice that these deaths have something to do with Kira.

He conducted such a thorough investigation on Yotsuba Group.

We shouldn't underestimate him.

Regardless, we should change our plan to k*ll people on the weekends.

That's incredible.

It's like they wouldn't stop confessing.

Yes.

With this recording, I'm sure we can arrest these seven people.

No. This doesn't look good.

We can only say Kira is too inconsiderate.

It'd be good if he'd act on other days throughout the week.

I thought Eraldo has found out about that.

It's dangerous to continue k*lling people with the same method.

We have to be more careful.

We should be careful not to leak any information to anyone.

Yes.

Let's get back to the main topic.

Who are we going to k*ll this time?

The expansion of ELF Insurance to Japan...

We should stop that.

Otherwise, we will lose a lot of clients along with other companies.

I agree.

Then, shall we make it look as if the ELF people on this list die in accidents?

No objections.

What is that?

How can they easily...

The other target is the person who opposes Yotsuba's plan to build a resort.

Santarou Zenzai of the Kugisawa Group.

Santarou suffers from high blood pressure.

We can make him die from a stroke at a specific time.

Is that okay?

No objections.

Kira, accidental death, due to illness.

Specific times of death.

Just as we thought.

I'm sure we're right.

Unfortunately, no.

Until these people really die, we can't say we're right.

As long as we continue to closely monitor what these seven people say at their meetings, their actions, and whether the people they mentioned die or not, I'm sure we'll be able to catch Kira.

-Ryuzaki! -Ryuzaki!

What's wrong? Both of you said the same thing.

Your proposal won't work.

-It's flawed. -He's right.

I knew you'd say that.

You want to let these seven people carry on with the m*rder plan because you want to catch Kira.

You can't do that.

That's right.

It's obvious that they've committed murders.

Touta has evidence.

And if we hand this recording over as evidence, they'll be convicted.

It's pretty problematic.

If we catch them now, all our efforts so far will be in vain.

So we'll ask Kira to k*ll the ELF people in three weeks and to k*ll Zenzai this weekend. What do you think?

No objections.

We won't have enough time if it's this weekend!

Light.

Do you know the cell phone numbers of these seven men?

Yes.

Just call any one of them and tell them to stop the m*rder plan.

Please hold on.

If you do that, they'll know that they're being investigated only three days after Aiber got in touch with them.

That would arouse suspicion.

Most importantly, that'll make it impossible for us to find out who Kira is.

We've come this far.

I don't want all our efforts to be in vain.

We have to gather evidence on Kira's identity in order to catch Kira.

Ryuzaki, let's assume that one of these seven people is Kira.

The probability for the person we call to turn out to be Kira is one in seven.

What? I think there are two at most.

So, the probability should be two in seven.

Since we're taking this risk by conducting the investigation, let's take a gamble with that probability.

Ryuzaki, I want to use L's name.

Based on their conversation, the one who seems the least likely to be Kira and who carries some weight on the board is...

-Reiji. -Takeshi.

Use this phone if you want to make a phone call.

This phone can't be tracked and tapped.

We should just k*ll every single executive of our rival companies.

But that'll attract too much attention.

After we k*ll them, the stocks...

You're the Vice President of Yostuba Group's Sales Department One, Mr. Reiji Namikawa, right?

Yes, that's right.

Listen and respond as you see fit.

I'm L.

There are secret cameras and wiretap devices in the meeting room.

Your entire meeting has been recorded.

You first talked about Arayoshi's death.

The meeting also talked about who else to k*ll.

Am I right?

He saw everything.

If you are Kira or someone who deals with Kira directly, I have a deal to make with you.

A deal?

Postpone the murders of ELF's president and Zenzai by one month.

I'm sure it's not difficult for you to do so.

-If we want the deaths to look random... -I see.

And?

If you agree to do so and cooperate with us, your crimes...

No.

Everyone except Kira will be considered to have been threatened into attending this meeting and won't be charged.

Okay. I see.

Do I have to side with L now?

No.

I'll be k*lled if Kira finds out that I've sided with L.

What should I do?

If you tell them about this phone call, you'll cause a panic.

It won't benefit you in any way.

And all of you will be arrested.

But my target is only Kira.

Listen carefully.

If L defeats Kira, you will be innocent.

If Kira defeats L, you can continue living your luxurious life.

So, you should just play along with both sides and act as a bystander.

Whether L or Kira wins, it won't bring you any harm.

The only scenario in which you'll suffer is if you get arrested.

He has already predicted what my final answer will be.

Okay, then.

Yes. Monday.

What's wrong, Reiji?

Who was that?

It's nothing, my subordinate got into trouble.

I'll deal with him on Monday.

I'm sorry for interrupting the meeting.

Let's get back to the topic.

As for when we should k*ll the ELF guy and Zenzai, what do you think?

Let's give Eraldo one month.

If he doesn't find out L's real identity in one month, we'll just have to find some random dates on which to k*ll them.

Then we'll give him another month and keep repeating this process.

Once we've dealt with L, we'll k*ll two or three people every other week.

Our priority will be to deal with L first.

I see.

After we k*ll L, there won't be anyone in our way.

Before that happens, we have to be very careful.

Yes. That sounds good.

That's right. We should proceed with caution.

Then let's give Eraldo one month.

No objections.

L, are you happy now?

But the meeting has to be held every other week.

Meeting adjourned.

Looks like it went smoothly.

Yes.

Light, you are really good.

Not only did you delay the k*lling, you might also have gotten some information from Reiji.

Your methods were very similar to mine.

And you even thought of them before I did.

In that case...

If I die, you may be able to continue using L's name.

Why are you talking about such morbid things?

Within the next month, we have to find out who Kira is and gather evidence.

-This is only the beginning, right? -Yes.

But you were the one who noticed that the suspicious person at Yotsuba Group was Kira.

So, you're more capable than I am.

Light, I think you can handle it.

If I die, will you be my successor as L?

What?

If Kira is putting on an act, he'll agree to it.

What are you talking about, Ryuzaki?

As long as we're being handcuffed, we'll die together.

I understand now.

Ryuzaki.

I'm sorry, but I'm going to tell everyone what you're thinking about now.

Ryuzaki thinks that if I'm really Kira, then I must be putting on an act now.

Or that Kira's power has been transferred to someone else and I have no memory that I was Kira.

These are the two things he's thinking about.

As for the former, if I'm really putting on an act, these handcuffs will never be opened.

No. Even if I'm not putting on an act, there's no way he would open these.

Ryuzaki thinks that I'm Kira.

Even if I have transferred my power to someone else, Ryuzaki thinks that I'll still be able to get it back.

Which means, he doesn't think that I was being controlled.

But my strategy is to transfer the power to someone else and get it back once I'm no longer a suspect.

Incredible.

He accurately guessed what I was thinking.

Ryuzaki thinks Light Yagami will take over L's place and become Kira.

You're right.

To be able to freely manipulate the police after gaining the same status as L while being Kira in private.

I will be the strongest one.

Ryuzaki thinks I'm capable of that.

No. You think I would do that.

Is that what you mean, Ryuzaki?

Yes.

But what do you think now?

At least I'm not putting on an act, right?

I'm sure you get it by now.

If you're putting on an act to take over L's position, you won't be disclosing your plan to everyone, will you?

Is that what you think?

Ryuzaki.

Do you think I will become Kira, a m*rder*r, once I catch Kira?

Do I look like I'm that kind of a person?

I think so. You look like you are.

They're fighting again.

Okay, that's enough.

Now you're even. Stop fighting.

Okay.

What's most important now is to catch Kira.

I'm sure you'll be okay with it as long as we're being handcuffed, right?

Yes.

We have only one month.

-Ryuzaki. -Yes.

If we can use the meeting as evidence and arrest those seven men, these punishments for criminals will stop, won't they?


Again.

-Unfortunately... -Unfortunately?

It doesn't seem like Kira is one of the seven men.

If they have anything to do with Kira, they will be k*lled by Kira eventually.

If we can't be sure that Kira is one of them, there's no point in arresting them now.

Even if one of them is Kira, at the moment, it's very difficult for us to tell which one is Kira.

I think it's still too early to tell.

But, we also can't be sure that Kira is not one of them, can we?

As long as we arrest these seven men, we can stop the murders.

Exactly. My dad is right.

-There's such a possibility. -Everyone.

I think I should go after Kira on my own.

What?

I'll let Mr. Yagami and the rest of you to use the headquarters.

I'll also use them myself.

Just use them as you like.

If you want to go after Kira, feel free to do so.

I will continue with my own investigation using my own methods.

Otherwise, we won't stop getting into arguments.

Let's go our separate ways.

Ryuzaki, are you saying that you insist on finding out who Kira is?

Yes.

This case can't be solved unless we arrest Kira.

I'm not saying it's pointless in stopping the murders of a few people.

But if we don't find out the truth, Kira will strike again and there'll be more victims.

Therefore, I think what's most important is to find out who Kira is.

I don't agree with arresting those seven men.

If you want to arrest them, Mr. Yagami, you'll be in charge of doing that.

I'll use my own methods to catch Kira.

We have one month.

I wonder which one of us will solve the case first.

Ryuzaki, where are you going?

To Misa's room.

I'm sorry, I knew you'd be on your father's side.

Since I can't open the handcuffs, you'll have to come with me.

Light, can we go on a date today?

You've also brought Ryuzaki.

Misa.

-Do you love Light? -What?

Yes, I do love him very much.

But you also idolize Kira?

Yes.

Between Light and Kira, who will you choose?

What?

It will be Light, obviously!

I am grateful to Kira and have once thought of meeting him.

But that wasn't love. Of course, I will choose Light.

Light, you want to catch Kira.

Am I right, Light?

Yes, of course.

It looks like Light wants to catch Kira. What will you do?

If Light wants to catch Kira, then I hope he catches him.

If you have to help Light during the investigation, would you agree to it?

-Ryuzaki. -Yes!

I would do anything to help Light.

Hold on.

Ryuzaki, what are you up to?

Eraldo Coil said that he had evidence suggesting that Misa Amane might know Kira.

Tell that to the seven men.

And that Misa Amane was once suspected to be the second Kira and was interrogated by L.

That's true.

Based on the clue that Misa Amane might know Kira, Yotsuba Group will decide to use Misa Amane in their commercials as an opportunity to find out the truth.

Besides, when Mr. Matsuda was in trouble, they did talk about potentially using Misa in their commercials.

That's true.

-No, you can't do that. -Why not?

Because that will put you in danger.

Are you concerned about my safety?

Goodness!

I consider this a small favor I'm doing for Light.

Misa, listen to me.

If they know that you might know who L is, I can't imagine what they'll do to force you to tell the truth.

Don't worry.

No matter how they t*rture me, I won't say it.

That's right.

Besides, Kira can manipulate a person's actions before his or her death.

He might manipulate Misa, get her to talk and k*ll her after that.

No, he won't need her if he managed to k*ll you.

I'm sure Kira will k*ll Misa in order to silence her.

That sucks.

Light.

Misa will not have to die if we win.

Besides, as long as we're connected by these, we'll have the same fate.

If I die, you will also die.

If that happens, Misa will suffer the most, right?

Would you prefer that Light and I be k*lled or that Kira is caught?

-Pick one. -Catch Kira.

I can't live without Light.

That's the right answer.

Ryuzaki, this is so messed up.

Time is running out. I'm in a hurry.

Besides, Misa...

This girl's perseverance and love for you is second to none in this world.

Ryuzaki.

I might have misunderstood you in the past and even called you a pervert.

But I just realized that you know me very well.

Yes.

Misa is the best woman for Light.

-What? -Great!

Thank you, Ryuzaki.

-You might make me fall in love with you. -There's no such need.

What if we just become good friends, Ryuzaki?

All right. Now I have one more friend.

That's right. All of Light's friends are also my friends.

Let's all get along!

And Misa will never betray her friends.

Let's work together to catch Kira.

About that...

Light and I have very different ways of working.

He's on the same team as his father.

Therefore, I'll be on the same team as Ms. Misa.

What does that mean?

Ryuzaki, that's a dirty move.

Well, I have no choice but to work with you...

No, you don't have to join my team.

What are you talking about? Of course Light will join our team!

No.

I don't agree with the way you're conducting the investigation.

It would put Misa in great danger.

Light, thanks for your concern.

But let me do this. I want to help you.

I want to help you so that you'll love me more.

Besides that, I'll even die for you.

Looks like it is pretty difficult to arrest those seven people.

Do you have any suggestion, Kanzou, Touta?

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW I'm a really good actress!

Mr. Nishinaka, Light and the others want me to act like a Shinigami.

It's kind of difficult.

I also just got a big commercial gig.

I've become a huge star!