Ryuzaki, let me go.

Chief, I want to go as well.

All right.

Our opponent is Kira.

Make sure he doesn't see your face.

So, be careful when you're trying to catch him.

Watari, if Kyosuke does anything that looks suspicious...

I understand. I won't k*ll him, but I won't allow him to move.

Shuuichi, do you have anything to cover your face with?

Yes.

You'll back me up.

Yes. Thank you, Chief.

Kyosuke, put your hands up and step out of the car!

We've caught Kyosuke.

Mr. Mogi, put the headphones on him. Just like our plan.

Yes.

Kyosuke, how did you k*ll those people?

Tell us!

If you don't, we will make you do so, no matter what it takes.

Using the notebook.

A notebook?

I know you find it difficult to believe me, but I just need to write the names of the people I've met before.

The person whose name I've written in the notebook will die.

Notebook.

-Mr. Yagami. -Yes.

I found a notebook in his briefcase containing a lot of names.

But I don't know what is so special about this notebook.

Mr. Yagami, what's wrong?

I see a monster!

Please calm down.

Mr. Yagami, you're not carrying a g*n.

Oh, right.

Chief, are you all right?

Kanzou, can't you see the monster?

Chief, you're already tired.

Mr. Mogi, what's wrong?

I think only the people who touches the notebook will see it.

It's a monster!

Bring the notebook to the helicopter.

All right.

Light Yagami, what are you up to?

When you touch the notebook again, you will regain all your memory of when you owned the Death Note.

But...

Ryuzaki, this is it.

It's the Shinigami, right?

It does exist.

Notebook.

Show our notebooks to each other in Aoyama...

Love at first sight.

Ryuzaki, let me take a look.

But Kira, the second...

Two notebooks.

There should be two notebooks.

It's not over yet.

I am L.

Are you all right?

Seeing the monster would scare the hell out of anyone.

Ryuzaki.

Yes.

I'll compare the names in the notebook to the list of victims first.

All right.

Yes, you should.

I've won.

Just as I've planned.

I'm giving up my right to own this notebook.

Now Ryuk has the right to own this notebook.

Am I right?

Yes, you're so annoying.

Then give the notebook to Ryuk.

-What? -What?

All right.

Ryuk has ownership of the notebook now.

Ryuk.

Now drop it onto the ground of the Human World.

Okay, I'm on it.

Now I have ownership of the notebook again.

Yes.

We've just gone around in a circle. Nothing has changed.

Yes, maybe.

But this will come in handy someday.

This is the first notebook I received.

Now I'm giving it to Ryuk, who'll give it back to Rem.

For you.

Rem.

Find someone with a high position and craves for success.

And give the notebook to him.

Then, Misa will be free from custody.

k*ll me if she's still not released after a few years.

Would that work?

Light Yagami, what do you have in mind?

I'm trying to save Misa.

Trust me.

Okay.

I'll do as you say if that would help Misa.

Next, I will be detained like Misa.

I'll be under surveillance for 24 hours.

Giving up my ownership of the notebook in this manner would erase all my memory related to the Death Note.

During this time, the killings of criminals will begin again.

As long as it goes on, one day, Ryuzaki will have to let both of us go.

Then, with my memory gone, I will try my best to catch Kira.

That's what I'm like.

Then you have to get the notebook back from whoever Rem gives the notebook to, before L does?

That's right.

Then I will k*ll the person who owns the notebook.

But there is one problem.

Once you no longer have ownership of the notebook, you can only regain your memory by touching the notebook.

The moment you let go of the notebook, your memories will disappear again.

I'll k*ll Kyosuke without letting go of this notebook.

Then I will have ownership of the notebook and my memories will not disappear.

Pull this four times in a row with less than one second between each pull.

All right.

I've been wearing this watch the whole time.

Old habits die hard.

Mr. Yagami, please escort Kyosuke to the car.

Understood.

Kyosuke Higuchi

This notebook...

I wonder if testing it in the lab would reveal something.

That's not like you at all.

This is beyond science.

You're right.

This is the longest 40 seconds of my life.

Kyosuke!

Ryuzaki, Kyosuke...

What's wrong? What's going on?

Kyosuke.

Dad, what are you doing?

If Kyosuke dies now...

Impossible.

But it looks like he's already...

That's right. He's already dead.

Next up is Ryuzaki.

It's your turn.

"The human whose name is written in this note shall die.

This note won't work unless the writer has the person's face in their mind when writing the name.

Therefore, people sharing the same name will not be affected.

If the cause of death is written within 40 seconds of writing the person's name, it will happen as it is written.

If it isn't specified, the person will simply die of a heart att*ck.

After writing the cause of death, details of the death should be written in the next six minutes and 40 seconds."

Furthermore, in the manual on the back, it's written...

"If you make this note unusable by tearing it up or burning it, all the humans who have touched the note until then will die."

Is that true, Mr. Aizawa?

-That's what it says. -That's right.

As long as this rule exists, Dad and the others won't destroy the notebook.

So, I won't lose my memory.

Rem, I if write down some fake rules, The king will not get mad at me for doing that, right?

There are no rules against that.

Then it shouldn't be a problem.

Light, you have to buy me some apples.

I shouldn't have touched the notebook just because I was curious about Shinigami.

Then you'll be the only one who wouldn't know what is going on with the investigation.

Are you okay with that?

No, I want to be on the same page as everyone else in this investigation.

I mean it.

This is the final sentence.

"If the person using the notebook fails to consecutively write down a new name to k*ll people, within 13 days, the user will die."

What?

Does that mean that Light and Misa-Misa are innocent?

Yes, exactly.

They were detained for over 50 days and they are currently in custody.

If they were Kira, they would already be dead by now.

That's great, Chief.

Yes.

Rem.

Am I right, pale man?

Ryuzaki, how rude of you. Pale man?

What is it?

There are other notebooks in the Human World, right?

Maybe there are. Maybe there aren't.

If there are other notebooks, do they all have the same rules?

It's useless, Ryuzaki.

Rem will never destroy this rule.

Yes, they're the same.

There are many notebooks in the world of Shinigami.

But the rules are the same.

They also have the same rules when they're used by humans.

Ryuzaki.

Light and Misa have proven to be innocent.

We should let them go.

That's right. It's very clear now.

You're right.

I understand.


I'm really sorry about what happened.

I'm glad.

Yes.

But this matter is not completely resolved yet.

Although these handcuffs will be removed, I'd like to stay and continue the investigation.

All right.

So now Misa and I have been proven innocent.

The rules that Shinigami has written in the Death Note, they have to believe them.

Ryuzaki is now at his wits' end due to the fake rules I've created.

Ryuzaki.

Regardless of the world, rules are created by the gods.

You'll surrender to the fake rules I've created.

The penalty for going against the god of the new world is death.

Light, you have to text me every day.

I finally have to say goodbye to Misa-Misa.

Touta, leave them alone.

-Bye, Misa-Misa. -Hey!

From this angle, even if I show up on the camera, my mouth will not be visible.

Misa, there's something buried in the place I'm about to tell you.

Please dig it up by yourself when you're sure you won't be seen.

Light, you've regained your memory!

No problem, I'll take care of it.

Light, I remember now.

The things that happened when I used this notebook.

Light buried this notebook here because he wanted me to remember.

To Misa, Light Yagami Misa.

When you read this, you would've recalled everything that had happened.

Light wrote this letter to me.

Do you remember my friend from To-oh University who called himself Hideki Ryuga?

Write his real name in this notebook and k*ll him.

Then burn this letter immediately.

Tear some pages off and keep them with you.

Then bury the notebook again.

The next time you see me, let me touch a piece of the paper.

If you do as I say, I will always...

-Love you. -Love me!

Awesome!

So this is Light's plan.

He wants me to get this notebook and regain my memory.

And k*ll Hideki Ryuga, who is Ryuzaki.

This would help Light get rid of an obstacle.

I will be doing him a huge favor.

But it won't work, Light.

I don't remember his name.

I see tens and even hundreds of names and their lifespans every day.

There's no way I can remember!

I'm so stupid!

You're finally back.

Ryuk!

It has been a while. How are you?

-I'm sorry. -What?

I'm a man, so I'm shy.

Right, this is for you.

Light asked me to give it to you.

Is it really that good?

Yes.

How are the apples in the Human World so juicy?

Anyway, they're really good.

Do you want to try some?

This is the Shinigami's apple.

It doesn't look good.

Come on. Just give it a try.

By the way, Ryuk.

I want to make an eye deal with you.

Sand!

You want to make an eye deal with me?

But don't you understand?

You've already made a deal with Rem before.

Doing it again will reduce your remaining lifespan by another half.

Well, I have no choice.

Because I've completely forgotten the name that I absolutely have to recall.

I fear Light will get angry if I don't go and check it again.

Well, I'm okay with it.

It's Misa-Misa.

Poor girl.

We can't switch on our cell phones here.

That's why Misa-Misa has to come here in person to look for Light.

Light, go and get her.

Don't keep a girl waiting.

All right.

Ryuk.

Why is he with Misa?

Misa's lifespan has been reduced by half again.

Has she made a deal with Ryuk?

Light.

It has been a while, Ryuk.

Light, I'm sorry.

I can't recall Hideki Ryuga's real name, no matter how hard I try.

I see.

Too bad then.

But I've made an eye deal with Ryuk.

Everything is going according to plan.

Hey, silly. If you do that, your lifespan will...

Don't worry about it. I want to help you.

Misa.

I want to live with you in the ideal world for as long as possible.

That's what I desire right now.

Light, I'm really happy.

Misa.

Let's work together to build a new world with only kind people and no criminals.

Yes.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW

Goodbye.