It is nice to get some sun sometimes.

From now on,

what should I do?

Ryuk.

Sidoh.

What are you doing here?

Hey, don't follow me!

Return the notebook to me.

You are here for this, I see.

Speaking of which, the situation now is complicated.

I do not know where the notebook is.

That is very irresponsible.

Are you still following me?

Return the notebook to me quickly!

I do not know where it is!

Look for it if you want it.

Wammy House is not an ordinary orphanage.

They have the best kids to become the next L.

It is also a special organization founded to create L's successor.

L's successor?

The most outstanding person overall there is a young guy called Near.

Near. Is that N?

There is another young guy who was mentioned by N too.

His ability is the closest to N's.

Near is L's successor.

This can't be a mistake.

He is the one who leads the special investigation team for Kira.

No.

I guess Mello also wants to be L's successor.

If that is the case, Mello will do whatever it takes to get the notebook before Near.

The Mello that N mentioned not only is the suspect.

He also must be the criminal.

These are their portraits.

They don't leave any photos.

L's successors.

Even now, I am still battling with L.

Anyway, I should locate the triad's camp where Mello is in now.

I gave Misa the list of the triads.

I asked her to filter them with her Shinigami eyes.

I found it.

Someone that does not have the age.

Number 105.

The name in the record is Jack Neylon, but his original name was Kal Snydar.

Using the Death Note, I made Syndar send a letter to tell me where his hiding place is.

It is almost time.

Light, the mail is here.

The location is Los Angeles.

Excellent.

I am one step closer than them.

I am the strongest player with the help of Misa's Shinigami Eyes.

Light.

I helped you again this time, didn't I?

Yes.

Misa, I love you.

Now I will have to try and see how people can be manipulated.

I will have to let them know my existence, so that we can have a conversation.

The current holder is Snydar. He will have to touch the notebook.

There is no other way.

Drop it from the sky.

What is going on?

The notebook is flying by itself?

That is a notebook that can k*ll people.

I will not be surprised if it is alive.

Sir, is the guy with the dirty clothes new?

I am not new, I am a Shinigami.

A Shinigami?

If you want others to see me too, let others touch the notebook now.

It appears that touching the note will allow you to see a Shinigami.

Everyone, come here and touch it.

I am not crazy.

Fine.

Everyone.

Go ahead and touch the notebook.

-What is this? -I did not see anything when I touched it.

Sir, do you want him k*lled?

It is pointless. I cannot be k*lled by humans.

It seems that the existence of this Shinigami and what he said is true.

Ryuk.

I will have to give up the ownership of this notebook for now.

Then, you go ahead and follow the person that I am giving the notebook to.

What? You are giving up the ownership?

Won't you lose the memory then?

Misa, lend me your notebook.

Now, I will not lose my memory even if I give up my notebook.

I will cut out some necessary pages for you.

You will have to play Kira.

Can you do that?

I am fine with that, but what are you going to do?

I will explain it to you now.

You must not fail.

Chocolate is so delicious.

Hey, is it true about what you just said?

"If the person using the notebook fails to continuously write the names of people to be k*lled within 13 days of each other, then the user will die.

If you make this notebook unusable by tearing it up or burning it, all the humans who have touched the notebook will die."

Were these two rules fabricated?

Yes. For sure.

They were probably written by Shinigami before the notebook was used by humans.

The rule about the 13 days can be examined by just one user.

The problem is, was this note used by Kira before?

If so, did he know if the rule is true?

If he did, he would be able to use it.

Especially this 13-day rule.

We shall see in 13 days.

Sidoh.

Keep a watch outside.

What?

You are the best choice because humans can't see you.

Keep a watch outside, can you?

What is wrong with this person?

He is just a human being.

It's scary.

I am Souichirou.

I am Kira.

What did he say?

Kira?

The notebook that was in the investigation headquarter was stolen by bad people, right?

Kira.

Can you prove yourself?

Prove myself?

Now that I have given the notebook to others, I will not be able to prove myself even if I tell you who I am going to k*ll.

However, I will send the proof to you right away.

The proof is the notebook that I own.

What does that mean?

The notebook that I am giving you will allow you to know the name of the person when you see his face.

Is there any problem?

"Please listen to me calmly."

November 10, 2359 hours.

I have intel from organizations including the FBI.

The triads that have been identified will all die.

This is something written in the note.

It is unchangeable.

I also have found out where those people are.

I will give that to you along with the note.

In other words, On November 10, 2359 hours, you will have the perfect time to retrieve the notebook.

What should we do?

If the triads are going to die on the day that Kira picked, it will be a good chance indeed.

Although I really don't want to accept what Kira suggested, this idea is really not bad.

Light is right.

However, only to know the time they're going to die is not enough.

Hideki, you are asking something that you already know the answer to, right?

So, it means that you can k*ll someone for sure as long as you have a Shinigami to trade eyes with you.

I will trade them then.

No way!

I'll do it.

It was me who handed out the notebook.

Because of this, I even considered k*lling myself.

I'm going to use the notebook to k*ll them.

So, I will die in 13 days anyway.

If it comes to a point where Dad is writing a name on the notebook, then...

NOVEMBER 10, 2347 HOURS

Everyone, are you all ready?

Yes.

Now, Mr. Yagami.

Please trade your eyes with the Shinigami.

Ryuk, I'm counting on you.

Understood.

Mr. Yagami.

Please look at the photos of the criminals that I gave you.

Can you see their names and life age?

Yes, I can.

When the names disappear, that will be the time.

PEDORO KOLLET, DWHITE GORDON

att*ck now!

This really is related to Kira.

I never thought it would come to this.

I have not come up with a perfect strategy yet.


Darn it, what is Sidoh doing?

Okay, you just sit there and watch quietly.

As long as you do not intervene, you will get back the notebook.

Roy! Suki!

The notebook is under Rod!

Take it and bring to the monitoring room!

Do not move!

L, two people have been captured.

The notebook has been retrieved too.

We are coming back now.

No. It's not over yet.

-What? -What?

We have not found anyone that appears to be Mello yet.

He must be hiding somewhere in this place.

Now that we are here, please do not panic. Investigate thoroughly.

-What happened? -It was an expl*si*n.

Do not move.

I destroyed two exits just now.

That was just a beginning.

I will blow up the entire base soon.

Listen to my instruction now.

Is that Mello?

Is it Souichirou again?

I should have k*lled you last time.

I never thought that I would trade the notebook with you twice.

Your original name is Mihael Keehl.

Crap! Why?

I made it.

Mello, give up.

If you give up, I will not k*ll you.

What nonsense are you talking about?

Write his name down on the notebook and k*ll him!

I only have to write the name on this note, then you will die.

Let go of the button in your hand.

Raise your hands.

-Souichirou. -Do not move!

Only your last name is left. It will only take less than a second.

Idiot, write it. Just write it!

I am so sorry.

I did not want to k*ll you.

Souichirou, you must have never k*lled anyone before.

g*nf*re?

What happened?

José, take the notebook!

Darn it, this jerk.

Let go of the note.

Bastard!

Sir!

Mello, it's over.

Don't move and raise your hands.

Touta, are you okay?

I don't think so.

He seems fine.

L, I cannot see Mello.

Crap! Did he escape?

That is why I said he should be k*lled.

Dad.

Dad.

Please do not die.

Light.

Dad.

This is...

Great.

This is really great, Dad.

Light.

I still have the eyes of Shinigami right now.

According to that Shinigami, Ryuk, I should not be able to see the lifespan of the notebook's owner.

Light.

You are not Kira.

This is great.

Of course, I am not Kira. Why are you saying this again?

Dad, please do not speak of this nonsense anymore.

Although this is important, there is something even more important right now.

Write Mello's name down quickly.

I am really sorry.

At the end of the day, I still could not k*ll that guy.

If I say it is still not too late now, it might be awkward.

No, it depends.

At this critical moment, we should do whatever it takes.

Dad, write down his name now!

Use your last bit of energy to write down his name.

Do you really want to be defeated this way?

Dad!

Light.

I am so sorry.

Dad!

Dad!

Dad!

Don't die, you idiot!

So, you are the Shinigami who is here to retrieve the note, aren't you?

Yes, I am.

Even if it benefits the investigation of Kira, we only need one of these notebooks.

I'll give it back to you.

People who use the notebook are bound to be unfortunate, right?

Mr. Yagami did not use it though.

As long as he believes his son is not Kira until his last breath, he is still a fortunate man.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW If Kira gets caught, he is evil.

If Kira rules the world, he is justice.

The world will accelerate towards Kira from now on.

Kira will become justice for sure.
