What's going on?

Everyone, the Shinigami...

Come on.

Come and k*ll me.

Although this program is supposed to be a worldwide live broadcast, it's actually only being broadcasted in the Kanto region of Japan.

The first victim was the Evil k*ller of Shinjuku.

Besides, this case was only reported in Japan.

Therefore, I figured out that you were in Japan.

And your first victim was just the subject of your k*lling experiment.

KIRA INVESTIGATION HEADQUARTERS Kira knows every information gathered by the investigation headquarters.

Within the police force, there are 141 people with access to Kira's information.

But among these 141 people or the people close to them, I'm sure there are traces of Kira among them.

FBI'S INVESTIGATION INTO PEOPLE RELATED TO POLICE PERSONNEL On December 14th, 12 FBI agents came to Japan.

On December 19th, Kira used prisoners as subjects for his experiment on manipulating criminals.

That means, in order to get rid of those FBI agents, he had to manipulate those convicted of misdemeanors.

Therefore, between December 14th and 19th, Kira must have been one of the targets of the FBI's investigations.

I'm very certain about this.

AN IMPORTANT WITNESS, NAOMI MISORA Is she Raye Penber's fiancée?

Naomi Misora.

I see.

The woman who used to work for me on that case is now in Japan.

She seemed to be with Raye Penber.

Maybe she has gotten a hold of some crucial information.

Does that mean that Kira has b*at me to it?

LIGHT YAGAMI Everyone.

From now on, we'll focus on those whom Raye Penber was investigating.

He was investigating Deputy Director Kitamura and his family as well as Mr. Yagami and his family.

In both of their houses, I would like to install bugging devices and surveillance cameras.

You can't be serious, Ryuzaki.

Are you suspecting my son?

Of course, I am.

CONTACT WITH LIGHT YAGAMI I'm L.

Light, don't worry.

Although it's true that Kira hates losing, it's also true that, in general, most people would rather win in a match.

I know you really want to win.

I suspect that you may be Kira.

Did you say I'm Kira?

Ryuzaki.

How can I prove to you that I'm not Kira?

Don't worry.

Sooner or later, I'll find out whether or not you're Kira.

m*rder CASES KIRA COMMITTED INVOLVING TV STATIONS

-Four days ago... -The rating is 60 percent.

No, seems like it's going to go up to 70 percent.

This is a m*rder notice to prove that the person is really Kira.

It also contains the message that he has for the world.

I'm Kira.

The news anchor, Hibima Kazuhiko, will die of heart att*ck at six o'clock.

Something bad will happen if we don't stop this program right now!

Open the door!

Mr. Ukita.

Kira needs a name to be able to k*ll someone.

It seems like it's possible that Kira can k*ll only by knowing what a person looks like.

Police!

End the program right now!

This could be a fake Kira.

No.

Or maybe, a second Kira.

Mr. Yagami.

Could you get your son to help us with the investigation?

LIGHT YAGAMI WAS SUMMONED If nothing else, this guy is most likely not the Kira we've been dealing with.

And L...

No. I mean, it's the same as Ryuzaki's theory.

When we meet, we can identify ourselves by showing each other our Shinigami.

What's wrong?

If this contains a code that only people with the power of a Shinigami can understand, then there's no way I could break the code.

But we have to monitor all the places mentioned in this diary.

On the day itself, we'll have to monitor Light's movements.

If by any chance he's Kira, the second Kira might find a way to get in touch with him.

-Mr. Yagami, another thing. -Light!

Please get Mr. Mogi to monitor Light's movements.

THE ARREST OF MISA AMANE ON SUSPICION OF BEING THE SECOND KIRA Light, there you are!

I'm Light's girlfriend, Misa Amane. Nice to meet you.

I'm Hideki Ryuga.

Hideki Ryuga.

This could be both good and bad news to Light.

But Misa Amane has been arrested on suspicion of being the second Kira.

When the second Kira sent the tapes out from Amane's room, we found a lot of evidence, including hair and clothing fibers on the packing tape.

THE DETENTION OF MISA AMANE Ryuzaki.

What's going on?

Come on, k*ll me!

I'm sure you can k*ll me right now!

Are you admitting that you're the second Kira?

No.

I don't know what that is.

THE VOLUNTARY DETENTION OF LIGHT YAGAMI Ryuzaki.

As I said over the phone, I think I might be Kira.

But why did he confess so?

It's an act.

It's not that you may be Kira, but you are definitely Kira.

Light, are you okay in there?

Yes.

I know I probably look terrible in here, but I don't need such useless pride.

I'll get rid of it.

Ryuzaki.

I know I agreed to be detained and chose to do this.

But now I just realized that I'm not Kira.

You must get me out of here!

What's going on?

Yesterday alone, two weeks' worth of criminals were m*rder*d all at once!

I don't know what the hell is going on.

TWO PEOPLE RELEASED AT THE SAME TIME They can't take it anymore. They're already at their limits.

Ryuzaki.

There's no reason for you to confine Light.

It's already been 50 days.

I'm going to k*ll you here and then k*ll myself.

Dad, what are you talking about?

-Stop it, Dad! -Stop it already! You're crazy!

Light, it's too late.

Dad, stop it! I'm not Kira.

Light.

-We're both murderers. -Dad!

We'll meet up in hell.

No!

That was a really good acting.

Just like what we agreed on, I'll let both of them go.

And Light has to agree to stay with me all the time and assist us in the investigation.

YOTSUBA These deaths benefit Yotsuba Group.

The investigation revealed that there have been 13 m*rder cases in the last three months.

Is Kira a part Yotsuba Group?

Or is Kira using Yotsuba Group?

We can't confirm that now.

But we can assume that Kira is behind this.

It's time to investigate Yotsuba Group thoroughly.

Don't be impatient or do anything rash.

-Don't act based on your own judgements. -I'm a manager at Yoshida Productions.

My name is Taro Matsui.

Do you want to use Misa Amane in your commercials?

Ryuzaki, are you watching this?

These eight people were having a meeting on getting Kira to k*ll people.

If Mr. Matsuda dies, it'll confirm the suspicion surrounding Yotsuba Group.

Is there a way to save me?

Mr. Matsuda, the idiot.

THE CONCLUSION THAT KYOUSUKE HIGUCHI IS KIRA Misa, go for it!

I will plan for a celebration once you're back.

My dream is to be Kira's wife.

Because I am the second Kira.

Then I'm Kira.

Misa, marry me.

That's it.

Kyosuke is Kira.

What should we do now?

I'm going to lure Kyosuke out using Sakura TV.

The prank show?

Damn it, Kyosuke. Turn on the TV now.

One of them must be Kira, right?

Yes.

I have a lot of proof.

TODAY'S SHOW REVEALS THE TRUE IDENTITY OF KIRA.

It's that guy.

Why is he still alive?

The target has been confirmed. I'm going after him.

Hurry up!

POLICE Driver of the Porsche, please stop your car.

Please pull over and stop your car.

Rem.

-I want to make a deal with you. -A deal?

You were speeding. Show me your license.

All right.

Ito Shiroba, death due to a traffic collision.

Stop!

Kyosuke has gotten away from the traffic officer.

This is the traffic officer.

Everyone!

It'll be too dangerous if we let Kyosuke do whatever he wants.

Let's catch him now.

Kyosuke can k*ll someone just by knowing how they look like, just like Kira does.

So, please be careful when you're trying to catch him.

It's over.

Stay back.

THE ARREST OF KYOUSUKE Kyosuke.

Kyosuke, how did you k*ll those people?

I know you find it difficult to believe me, but I just need to write the names of the people I've met before.

The person whose name I've written in the notebook will die.

I found a notebook in his briefcase.

Mr. Yagami, what's wrong?

There's a monster here.

Shinigami.

There are at least two notebooks.

This is not the end yet.

THE DEATH NOTE AND ANALYSIS OF ITS RULES


"The human whose name is written in this note shall die."

In the final sentence, it says

"If the person using the note fails to write down a new name within 13 days after writing down a name, he or she will die."

Light Yagami and Misa Amane are still alive.

Thirteen days.

Based on this...

The following is the record which contains everything I have investigated on Kira Incident.

The fact that now you are reading this message means I am no longer alive at this moment.

I hereby leave this record as my firm achievement.

Ryuzaki has been dead for ten days now.

It looks like we're not going to die after all.

We've finally found out more about Watari's background.

But Ryuzaki's background is still a mystery.

Watari was a cool inventor, wasn't he?

He used the money he got from his patents to build orphanages around the world.

He was a great man.

However, L and Watari are now dead.

We can't continue our investigations from here.

It's going to be difficult.

Light, how's it going?

I should be able to extract all the information in this system by tonight.

But I don't feel good doing this, as if I'm a thief.

I've created a voice file like the one that Ryuzaki was using so that people will think he's still alive.

We'll be able to manipulate the world's police forces like we used to.

But who's going to take L's place?

And where would we work?

What are we supposed to do with this Death Note?

Light, what are you talking about?

Of course, you'll take L's place.

If Ryuzaki d*ed as a result of provoking Kira, then I won't be able to do it.

Besides, we're deceiving the world by doing that.

Although I know how you feel, you're the only one who's able to do it.

That's right. Didn't Ryuzaki say that before?

He said you would be able to become his successor.

It's so simple.

Without Ryuzaki around, it's a piece of cake.

Okay, I'll do it then.

But unlike Ryuzaki, I can't get information by challenging Kira.

If that's fine with you.

It's time for all of us to be more cautious.

Maybe Ryuzaki went overboard with his confrontation.

In that case, as long as I have this computer and my own computer, I can manage to work like usual.

I can do L's work from my own room at home.

Let me handle Watari's role as well.

But it's going to be a little difficult at home with my mom and sister around.

I hope I could get my own place.

I'll pay your rent.

It's only right for me to let my son live independently.

You're right.

From now on, Light's rented place will be our investigation headquarters.

Now, we have to think of what to do with the notebook.

We don't have to rack our brains over it.

We just need to hide it somewhere.

Among the five of us, the one who we can trust to never use this notebook should keep it.

Sir.

Please.

You can definitely do it, sir.

Besides, I think you're the most righteous one here.

Me?

All right.

We have to avenge Ryuzaki's death.

Kira is still alive. We have to catch him.

Then let's have a party to celebrate Light becoming the second L.

Well, you should at least consider the timing, right?

All right, shut up.

Light.

We haven't gone for a date in a while. You should cheer up a little.

Misa.

Let's move in together.

Really?

Yes. I've rented a place.

That's great! Living together!

Misa has won!

Won?

Over Kiyomi, Mari and Yuri.

It's okay, Light.

You were just using them to deceive L, right?

I understand.

You won't see them anymore, right?

Yes.

Have you settled things with L?

Yes.

Then, there's nothing interesting for me to look forward to anymore.

No, Ryuk.

What?

Because after this,

I'm going to show you how I create a new world.

The k*ller is Still on the Loose A Family of Three k*lled A National Manhunt for Suspect of Robbery and m*rder

Dad.

Dad.

The revival of Yotsuba Group begins now.

Yes, let's do this together.

Reiji.

What's happening?

On April 2012, Light Yagami, 23 years old, joins the police force.

In the summer of 2012, Kira's judgments on criminals gain momentum.

The world is split into a group that fears Kira and a group that secretly cheers for Kira.

Support for Kira is slowly emerging.

Eventually, many countries began to declare their support for Kira.

The whole world continues to move towards the dark age where Kira is the law.

What's wrong, Roger?

L is dead.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW About L's death.

Who did you hear that from?

Kidnapping.

Who kidnapped who?

Is he joking?

But this feeling...

What's going on?