L, let's meet up.

At the Black Pier.

In the Yellow Box Warehouse.

The meeting time is on the 28th.

One o'clock in the afternoon. Is that okay?

I understand.

Take off all of your clothes. Put them in that box.

I will give you this blanket.

Kiyomi, are you okay?

Light, I did everything you told me to.

I put my life in the highest priority.

I did everything.

You have to help me.

Kiyomi Takada.

On January 26, 2013, at 2:32 p.m., using what she had in hand to burn what she wrote, then burn herself to death.

With much regrets, one of the two bodies found on scene has been confirmed by the special police force that it is Kiyomi Takada's body.

In the b*rned church, there was a two-ton container and a motorcycle.

It is believed that the incident was caused by gas leakage.

The next concern is who will be the next spokesperson.

We can't stop the society from hearing Master Kira's messages.

Although Ms. Kiyomi's death is very saddening, her carelessness showed that she was not capable of this position...

I knew this position is not meant for women.

Master Kira, please choose me to be the spokesperson!

No, wait. Sakura TV should be in charge of this.

This is outrageous.

Indeed.

As soon as the identity of the body found was confirmed to be Ms. Kiyomi, all the television companies start to fight each other again.

The punishment was conducted last night.

This shows the cooperation between Kiyomi and Teru was flawless.

There was not any problem.

Near is calling.

-L. -Yes.

I just would like to reconfirm.

Can we still meet

at one o'clock in the afternoon on the 28th?

Yes, we can.

Everything remains unchanged.

As I expected.

This cannot be wrong.

See you on the day after tomorrow, on the 28th.

Sure.

Finally, the day after tomorrow.

This is making me nervous.

Yes.

Although we do not know what Near is going to show us.

Touta, Hideki.

On that day, we might be k*lled.

Do you understand?

-Gevanni. -Yes.

Do we have enough time?

Yes, there is no problem.

Commander Rester.

Halle.

Gevanni.

Let's do it together.

JANUARY 28, 2013

Good morning, everyone.

Good morning.

First of all, regarding Misa, we have released her already.

Please confirm over the phone.

I am clueless.

Perhaps they wanted to apologize to me.

I am in a luxurious suite in a very nice hotel now.

I feel great!

Is that so?

I see.

Stay there for now then.

Sure.

Near, please pass the phone to Kanzou.

If we need to take out the Death Note that we have, all of us should enter our own passwords.

I see. Let me transfer the call right away.

I am Kanzou. The password is 62324.

Now, only my password is left.

Death Note.

"The human whose name is written in this note shall die.

This note won't work unless the writer has the person's face in their mind when writing the name.

Therefore, people sharing the same name will not be affected.

If the cause of death is written within 40 seconds of writing the person's name, it will happen as it is written.

If it isn't specified, the person will simply die of a heart att*ck.

After writing the cause of death, details of the death should be written in the next six minutes and 40 seconds."

Near, the Death Note that has been kept in our headquarters will be brought by me.

Do you want to let Shuuichi keep it?

L.

Near.

Mr. Aizawa will be the best person for you.

This is what I think.

Thank you.

See you at the venue then.

This will be over soon.

No.

This is only the beginning.

Kira's perfect world will become a reality.

Everyone who knows about Death Note will have to die.

All of them.

Near is inside.

It's not a mistake.

We should go.

Near.

You are way worse than L.

You are not qualified to wear L's mask.

L.

Those four are from the special investigation unit.

The one with the mask is Near.

I cannot accept this.

It is your choice to suspect whoever you think is Kira.

But you are apparently protecting yourself by wearing a mask.

This is just to be safe.

Everyone here except me have probably been seen by Kira already.

Perhaps the names have already been written on Death Note.

Therefore, we shall wait for an hour.

No. We shall wait for 30 minutes to see if anyone dies.

We need to find out.

What? Are you waiting to see us die?

No. If Light is really Kira, then it is possible.

Especially now that we are useless.

This is just an excuse for him to buy more time.

Near.

I never knew that holding a laugh is that difficult.

You are waiting for him, aren't you?

I knew it.

Near!

It has been over half an hour already.

Nothing has happened.

Of course.

Kira is not here.

Well, then.

It seems that everyone is fine.

I shall take off my mask.

What happened, Near?

What are you waiting for?

Waiting?

Indeed.

I am still waiting for the person who can reveal everything to be here.

The person who can reveal everything?

He will be here soon.

I am waiting for him.

This is a sealed space.

Only by opening that door will allow people to see us.

Therefore, I'm sure he will show up there.

Or at least, peek from there.

Who is coming?

X-Kira, the one who has been helping Kira to perform the execution.

I'm sure he will bring the Death Note here.

And write my name while looking at me.

No. He will k*ll everyone here.

Everyone who knows about the Death Note.

What?

That doesn't make sense. What are you talking about?

Are you saying that there will be someone who's bringing the Death Note and k*ll us all?

Do you want us to wait here to die?

Yes, listen to me.

When that person comes through that door, just let him in.

If the door is opened slightly, just pretend we didn't see it.

That is stupid. Why would we do that?

He's here.

God!

Eradicate.

Eradicate.

Eradicate.

Eradicate.

Eradicate.


Do not move.

Do not worry. We will not die.

-Why are you so sure? -Eradicate.

-I did something to the Death Note. -Eradicate.

I had the notebook

-and swapped some pages. -Eradicate.

The person outside who helps Kira to execute

-writes a whole page every day. -Eradicate.

-In order not to die because of that, -Eradicate.

-I swapped all the blank pages. -Eradicate.

Eradicate.

Eradicate!

The X-Kira who is standing outside will come in to check whether we have all d*ed.

He will peek at us again.

We can catch him then.

The name that wasn't written on the Death Note must be Kira.

Indeed.

The person whose name wasn't written on the notebook must be Kira.

However...

Just as I expected.

You did something to the Death Note.

I knew it already.

Near.

You completely lost.

The one that you swapped pages was the fake Death Note that I asked Teru to prepare.

The Death Note that Teru is writing on is the real Death Note that was hidden!

I asked Teru to make a fake Death Note and tear some pages from the real one to be sent to Kiyomi.

In other words, the person who did the execution was actually Kiyomi.

Other than that, I asked Teru to write names on the Death Note in public more than once on purpose.

In the meantime, the person who did the execution was actually Kiyomi.

So, people believed that the one in Teru's hand was the real Death Note.

Teru has a ridiculously regular, scheduled life.

He writes a whole page of names every day.

Near.

I knew you would notice and try to figure out something out of that.

In other words, you want to swap the page for today and all other pages for the future.

So that, you will not die even if your name has been written on it.

This was your plan.

That is why you did not change the date of our meeting.

However, I knew you would do something to the Death Note.

So I asked Teru to check that fake Death Note every day.

Everything is confirmed.

The ending was finalized at that time.

The Death Note that Teru brought with him today is the real one that has been hidden.

Near.

You had the chance to win, though.

You are too naive.

You are way less intelligent than L.

If it was L, he would be suspicious and try to use the Death Note himself.

You had that chance.

I am so disappointed at you.

This is way more boring than I thought.

Because you wanted to win perfectly.

Never mind.

This is your fault.

Now, everyone needs to die.

And...

I, Kira, will win.

The person who is outside,

have you written down all the names yet?

It is God.

Yes, I have written them down already.

No. Not yet.

I can't laugh yet. I must control myself.

Everyone will die 40 seconds after the names have been written down.

Wait for 35 more seconds.

I shall declare my victory in 35 seconds.

-It was very strange. -What?

Why did he say, "I have written them down already" so obediently when you asked him, "Have you written all the names down yet?"

Who knows, perhaps he is an honest man.

No, perhaps he was very confident and already knew about your plan in the first place.

We are in danger then.

Teru Mikami.

Can you come in if you do not mind?

I know it was you who has been doing executions for Kira.

There should be nothing to be afraid of, now that you have written down the names.

Please come in.

Teru Mikami?

Indeed. There is no need to hide. Come in.

God.

Teru, you have done a great job.

How many seconds has it been since you wrote down the first person's name?

Thirty.

Thirty-one.

Thirty-two.

Thirty-three.

Thirty-four.

Thirty-five.

Thirty-six.

Thirty-seven.

Thirty-eight.

Thirty-nine.

Near, I won.

Forty.

TO BE CONTINUED

NEXT EPISODE

You are right.

I am Kira.