Near, it's probably time to share your thoughts on what happened this time.

Considering the conversation Kira had with the investigation headquarters in Japan, I think Kira is associated with the investigation headquarters.

-Associated? -Then the real identity of Kira would be the successor of L.

Seriously?

Near, are you serious?

I am very serious, but I am only seven percent sure.

Mr. Rester.

Making a bold assumption is the key to an investigation.

Apologize when a mistake was made.

Recently, there has been fewer crimes in Japan.

If you have done something bad, your name will be exposed on the internet.

-You will be k*lled by Kira. -Name?

-My dad told me that. -I meant you.

If I do not ask for your name, I will not be able to record this.

Give me a break! Ask anything, but my name!

I am writing your names on the internet.

Master Kira, please k*ll this person.

Master Kira, please k*ll this person.

I hereby declare that Kira is justice.

KIRA'S KINGDOM I am the spokesperson appointed by Kira.

This is the fact.

Some people will try to k*ll me because of this.

However, I will risk my life

-Kira's Kingdom? This is ridiculous. -to spread Kira's word around the world.

The end of the world is coming.

Persecuting Kira is an unforgivable act and it should be considered a crime.

-It's better to k*ll this guy. -If there is someone trying to find Kira, whoever it is, -It is time for the press conference. -should be reported.

I wonder what will be announced.

I heard that it is going to be a declaration to the world.

You watch television all the time.

We, the United States of America,

Are you kidding me? agree with Kira.

We will not defy Kira.

-Wait a minute. -Mr. President.

-Mr. President. -Please elaborate.

Why would that happen?

Yes!

Finally, even the United States of America is with Kira.

-Mr. President. -Mr. President.

What the heck is this guy talking about?

Is he afraid of Kira?

-Mr. President, please explain. -When was this decided?

-Please explain thoroughly. -Does that mean you think Kira is justice?

Justice?

I did not say that, but w*r no longer exists because of Kira.

Other criminal groups are in a state of ruin.

Not only in the States, but everywhere around the world.

If we defy Kira, we will all be k*lled.

This is an inevitable truth, but it does not mean that I agree that Kira is justice.

But as a country, we will take no action against Kira.

-What is the difference? -Mr. President, doesn't this mean

-that you agree with what Kira did? -Please explain clearly.

-Are you running away? -Are you even a leader of a country?

This is unbelievable.

This is the United States of America!

This was an announcement made by the president.

Can I say something serious?

Why are you so serious?

Weren't you serious before?

Do you genuinely think that Kira is evil?

-What? -Touta, what do you mean?

To be honest, I do not think of him as a villain.

Do you believe that Kira brings justice?

I do not know.

But I think Kira is also fighting against evil.

As a matter of fact, the world has become a better place for people who are trying to live with honesty.

Touta, this is different.

This peace was only created because of their fear of being k*lled.

This is not actually peace.

I do understand this.

This is very clear to me, but people who praised Kira as a savior are also understandable.

I have always been weak, but I am a police officer.

I can't agree with Kira.

I am very clear on this.

As a part of my job, I want to arrest him too.

But I feel like he shouldn't be blamed completely.

This is very conflicting, isn't it?

Mr. Matsuda, there's nothing wrong with you.

What are you talking about? Why is Light agreeing to this?

Kira must be aware that what he has been doing is evil.

However, he would rather sacrifice himself to change the world.

This is the justice Kira chose.

I think that is his belief.

Whether or not Kira is right is not something that we should be concerned about.

Our duty is to arrest Kira.

If Kira is caught, he is evil.

If Kira rules the world, he is the law.

However, the world will accelerate towards Kira from now on.

Kira will become the law for sure.

What should we do from now on then?

We will be dismissed, I guess.

It is entirely the cowardly president's fault.

No, that was not just cowardice.

He is worse than a maggot.

You've got to be kidding me!

How can he agree with Kira?

Are you still alive?

Near.

What should we do?

Let him in.

Welcome, Mello.

Throw away your g*n.

Everyone, drop your g*n.

It's meaningless for us to cause a bloodshed here.

But Mello k*lled our people.

Please do not make me repeat myself.

Our objective is to arrest Kira.

k*lling Mello now does not do any good.

I understand.

Have things gone as you planned, Near?

So, you should have asked Halle already, right?

Regarding L's successor?

I can pretty much figure out who Kira is because of what you've done.

Near!

I am not a tool for you to solve the riddle.

Mello, just pull the trigger if you want to k*ll me.

Mello, if you pull the trigger, we will k*ll you too.

What is the point of doing this if both of you die here?

Kira will be the one to benefit everything.

True.

Near, I am only here to retrieve my photo.

Okay, there is only one photo.

There is no other copy than this.

Let's meet at Wammy's House.

I have dealt with everyone who has seen the photo.

Although I can't tell for sure, I believe you won't be k*lled by the notebook.

Is that all, Mello?

Near.

Truthfully, I don't have any intention to cooperate with you at all.

I know that.

But to take this photo without giving you anything in return doesn't feel good.

Death Note is actually the Shinigami's notebook.

The owner of the notebook will be able to see the Shinigami.

-How can that be even possible? -Who would believe that?

I would.

What good does that do to Mello to lie about this?

If it is a lie, he would have made a better one.

A convincing one.

Therefore, Shinigamis do exist.

The notebook that I got was once held by a human.

Moreover, some rules in the notebook were fabricated.

This is all I can tell you.

Near.

Mello.

Who among us both will find Kira first?

This is a competition.

Our destination is the same anyway.

I will be there to wait for you.

Sure.

A fabricated rule?

A heart att*ck?

To control someone to some extent and k*ll him or her.

That is pretty much it so far.

As for damaging or burning the note, the notebook still exists and there is no way to test it.

It is impossible to try.

Therefore...

The fabricated rule should be the one about the death caused by not writing a name for 13 days.

-Gevanni. -Yes?

-Help me call L. -Sure.

It is a call from Near.

Hello.

L, I have captured Mello, but he escaped.

But I did get some information from him.

He did not escape.

You let him go, didn't you?

No, he did manage to escape.

Mello said that there is a Shinigami attached to the notebook.

Did you confirm the existence of Shinigami?

Yes.

It's true that Shinigami does exist.

I thought you would never believe it, so I never told you.

I have many questions for that Shinigami.

I do not want to answer any questions though.

One thing that bothered me was the rule written in the notebook.

Some were fabricated.

-There is a fabricated rule? -Yes.

L, I want to hear your thought.

If there is a fabricated rule, which one would that be?

If by elimination, it should be the one that says "Not writing a name within 13 days will cause the death of the owner."

Do you think so?

I think so too.

Ryuk, is there any fabricated rule on the notebook?

No, there isn't.

Is there a Shinigami with you?


There is.

Well, I think I am getting close to the truth.

In other words, Kira is there and he is making the Shinigami lie.

This guy is good. He guessed right.

Even if there is a fabricated rule, that only means the Shinigami lied. It does not mean anything else.

No.

If that was the case, detaining Light would have become meaningless.

If that rule was fabricated, it would be meaningless for him not to do anything for 13 days.

That does not make sense either. How can Light be Kira?

Mr. Yagami also confirmed that Light did not have the notebook.

He confirmed that before he d*ed.

How about this?

I can write Mello's name in the notebook and wait for Mello to die.

If I die within that 13 days, Kira will have the ultimate victory.

I am fine with that.

What are you talking about? Is this a competition?

Proofing the 13-day rule will only do good for the investigation against Kira.

There is nothing bad about it.

Please let me prove it.

If I reject his idea, everyone will think poorly of me.

Please wait for a moment.

We will have to discuss this proposal first.

Everyone, please share your thoughts.

It's easy to say that we should respect human life and we shouldn't do that, but the one who was held custody was me.

So, it would be strange for me to say this.

It is hard to say.

Mello did k*ll Mr. Yagami, so I do want to let him do it.

I am against it.

I believe Kira is not any one of us.

Plus, we should not use the notebook to k*ll people.

Let's continue the vision that Mr. Yagami had.

Me too. I am against this plan.

Okay.

Near.

We are completely against the idea of testing the notebook.

I see.

So, I shall ask the last question.

Everyone in the investigation headquarters.

Have you ever considered the possibility of Kira being L's successor?

After hearing the conversation just now, whoever is interested in helping me investigate, please give me a call at the following number.

This number goes directly to me.

Light is definitely not Kira.

No. I do not want to think that way.

However, if the 13-day rule was fabricated, his innocence should be questioned.

Near.

I must k*ll you.

It's me.

I am Kira.

Is this a prank?

Now, I will read out the list of the people that are to be k*lled.

See it yourself tomorrow to tell if it is a prank.

Mr. President.

I really would like to extend my gratitude for your acknowledgment.

But this is not enough.

The special investigation unit for Kira is trying to catch me.

I want you to stop their operation immediately and disband them.

Deploy all the police force in America, the CIA, the FBI and all other intel organizations to find out about all the members of the special investigation unit.

As soon as you have the results, please send that to me by the following method.

Mr. President, you control your own lifespan.

Please remember this.

I understand.

Mr. Demegawa, wait.

Why are you suddenly going to New York?

I am going to destroy the organization that is getting in Master Kira's way.

We have to do a live broadcast.

This is an order from Kira. I had a call from the president.

I do not even know what I am saying, but that does not matter.

This time, the ratings is going to be 100 percent.

No, I am sure it will be 120 percent.

Come on, everyone.

It is the era of Kira.

The last L suspected Light too.

I mean, we do need to investigate Light again.

However, we will be k*lled if he is really Kira.

The 13-day rule.

Shuuichi.

We've known each other for a long time.

I know exactly what is bothering you.

If you think you should do that, go for it, I did not believe the previous L either.

But now, I would rather follow you instead of Light.

Hideki.

Do not let Light know.

I want to contact Near.

I understand.

No matter what action you are going to take, I shall not let anyone know.

Light, you're not Kira, are you?

I really want to believe that.

Bad news! Hitoshi from the television company...

I am Hitoshi Demegawa.

I've finally found the center of the evil organization that is against Master Kira.

My comrades and I are already surrounding them.

Get out!

Those people seem to be hiding in this building.

Look, this is the power of the people.

The power of justice.

"Write Near's name down as soon as he escapes."

Light, I will do my best.

Near.

At one point, they will find us if this continues.

It's L.

Near, what happened?

Is this the strategy by Mello to destroy the special investigation unit?

Or is your hiding place so easy to find that even ordinary people can do so?

This guy is so bold.

I have won, Near.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW I can use him.

He worships Kira from the bottom of his heart.

He understood he was the chosen one just by receiving the notebook.

I have made the right choice.
