The successor of L, also known as the person I believe is Kira is Light Yagami.

Hello everyone. I am Kiyomi Takada.

The following Kira's message will become the law for the whole world.

For our investigation from now on, I wonder if we can use Kiyomi Takada.

I am sorry.

-Kira? -The monitor needs to be taken off?

There is no other way.

Listen, Kiyomi.

I am Kira.

Light is Kira?

All leads are here.

I should make a trip to Japan given the current circumstance.

-Commander Rester. -Yes.

Can you make a trip back to New York?

-Back to New York? -I am going to Japan.

So you want me to standby in New York for that period of time?

No.

Then why do you want me to go to New York?

I have never handled a boarding pass on my own.

Come to me first, we'll go to Japan together.

Understood.

As expected, Yoshida Agency and NHN are so popular now.

This is the return of Misa-Misa.

It is harder than ever to sneak into NHN, but with this, there will be no suspicion.

Indeed.

Mr. Mogi can show up as an agent.

We still need someone who can go in and out of NHN.

Of course, I will also fish information out from Ms. Takada.

I am Near. L, please.

I am L.

What do you need?

In order to arrest Kira, I have come to Japan.

You have come to Japan?

Why are you telling me this?

L.

You got close to Ms. Takada for Kira, didn't you?

Yes, I did. I want to investigate more myself.

That makes sense.

The best way to get Kira caught is to work on NHN's Kiyomi Takada.

Please tell Ms. Takada that the special investigation unit has already arrived in Japan.

For what purpose?

This is to lure Kira to show up.

Please let her know this too.

Only four people including me from the special investigation unit is here.

Kira will not run away.

He will show up to k*ll us.

I shall make him suffer for this.

Suffer?

Sure, Near.

I accept your challenge.

I am in Japan.

I am in Japan too.

Then I assume that we shall meet very soon.

Indeed.

It will be such a great honor.

Sure.

We will bring an end to this Kira business soon.

Definitely.

Come to think of it, it has been a one-on-one battle against L since the beginning.

It's just that it has now changed to L's successor.

Fine, Near.

If you want to do this, I shall play along.

When we meet, we shall see who is more well prepared and who is better than the other.

The w*r will then be over.

That's the beginning of my reign at the top!

Let us recap the current situation.

L is Light Yagami and also Kira.

Let's just call him L-Kira.

Then there is another person who owns and uses the note, X-Kira.

Judging from X-Kira's killings, we can tell he has Shinigami Eyes.

L-Kira and X-Kira communicate through Ms. Takada.

Now, here is the way to b*at L.

I believe there are two ways.

The first one is to k*ll L-Kira and X-Kira and collect the note.

However, I will not use this method.

Why?

That is not our style of doing things.

Our style?

That's right.

k*lling them to stop the punishment as justification is not mine nor L's style.

L will not be happy about that.

Passing the note to the successor will become pointless.

Ms. Takada.

It's news that you receive a lot of mail from your fans.

Indeed.

I heard that there's around 200 pieces every day.

Two hundred?

I am jealous.

-I don't even have the time to read them. -Only audio, no visual.

It is really boring.

Even though they are just fan letters, I think you should read through them.

You're right.

Please read the following memo calmly.

Do not let the people monitoring us see you panic.

The special investigation unit is on the move.

For the sake of your safety, you should not only receive messages, but make demands to Kira as well.

Hey. Light is getting on the topic.

Furthermore, you are more than just a representative.

Why not reach out to Kira?

T has already got other missions.

In order to create a perfect world for Kira, I want you to execute the punishment as Kira.

It's okay.

If it's you, I'm sure you'll do well.

If you can do that, you can convey information to Kira without the special investigation unit knowing.

I got it.

I'll do it.

-We did it. -As expected of Light.

He is really good.

Eradicate.

Kiyomi Takada.

Hello?

I am now reading the message.

Please send me a fan letter that I can tell it is from you.

Inside it, place five blank pages from Death Note.

Before I receive them, continue the punishment as you have been doing.

What about after you receive them?

Don't use the real Death Note.

Use a fake one to conduct punishments.

-A fake Death Note? -Right.

Make a fake Death Note that looks exactly like the real one and pretend to use it to conduct punishments.

I understand.

God, what are you doing?

No, there's no need to think about it.

God is absolute.

I just need to do as God wishes.

What is this show?

This is the side program for Kira's Kingdom.

This is as indecent as the original show.

Today, Ms. Takada will introduce her four female bodyguards who were chosen through a strict process.

The 22nd Karate Championship winner, Tatsumi Oyama.

Former CIA member, Halle Lidner.

If there was a member of the special investigation unit among them, it must be Halle Lidner.

Is Near planning to fish information out from Ms. Takada as well?

A m*rder*r k*lled six people

-in the busy area of Shinjuku. -If I were to choose who X-Kira is, -There has been another m*rder... -who would I choose?

Kira's existence and his ideology should be included as mandatory education in school in order to educate the children.

-Ms. Takada was chosen -I think there is nothing

-because she is Kira's admirer. -more important than that.

X-Kira is someone who knows that Ms. Takada is Kira's admirer.

It has to be someone who has a close relationship with Ms. Takada.

Kira will not tolerate any crime, no matter how small.

From now on, the target for punishment will be anyone.

I hope I can hear Kira's voice and thoughts once again.

I personally think that following Kira's teachings is the quickest way to achieve world peace.

Young people from now on must do their best to contribute to this society.

I think this is the most important.

Even if there are no teachings or instruction from Kira, we have to make our own judgment as how Kira would do and put it into action.

-L-Kira is Light Yagami. -Kira's orders. Kira's kingdom.

In order to stop Hitoshi Demegawa, it was Teru Mikami's own judgment to contact Kiyomi Takada.

These all make sense now.

I said it already.

Why was I not the special guest?

Wasn't I supposed to be the special guest for Global Singing Contest?

Well, you are the special guest but the last performer has to be a superstar.

Please be really careful.

Kiyomi Takada.

She is so dumb.

She doesn't know that Light is just using her for the investigation.

No, you will be k*lled for saying that.

I know. That's why I was whispering.

Look at her arrogant face!

I will go and kick her ass!

No, you can't.

What do you think you're doing?

Are you asking me? I should be asking you.

Halle.

She is a very important friend of mine.

Please do not hurt her.

Yes, Ms. Takada.

Sorry for my misbehavior.

Misa-Misa, are you okay?

That was so frustrating!

L. If Mr. Aizawa is there, can I talk to him?

Near, this is Aizawa. What is it?

When L met Ms. Takada was there a camera or wiretap recording the whole thing?

No, we only have wiretap for now.

Understood.

So there's only wiretap for now.

Thank you very much.

If there is only wiretapping, we can assume that L-Kira and X-Kira contact each other through Takada.

If so, Halle is in increasing danger.

I'm clearly aware of that.

What's most important is to shift L's attention to Halle and Ms. Takada.


Meanwhile, we'll investigate Teru.

-How is it going, Gevanni? -Regarding our target, Teru, it's strangely easy to follow him.

He does not try to hide and has been living normally in the same house since four years ago.

He also works very hard in his job as a prosecutor.

I do not think that he is X-Kira.

No.

The possibility of Teru being X-Kira is very high.

You have to pay enough attention.

Do not enter his room yet.

-Just monitor him. -Okay.

How many meetings do I need to have with NHN?

They only pick on me and keep asking me to behave.

-What's with them? -Yes, let me ask her.

Misa-Misa, Ms. Takada asked if you want to have dinner with her.

What?

What is Kiyomi up to?

Okay.

The singing contest's host and special guest should have a meal together at least once.

Say yes to her.

Hello?

Ms. Takada, she said she is very pleased to do so.

Sure. I look forward to that.

Halle, make a reservation for a private room.

Also, you are coming with me too.

Okay.

Ms. Amane.

My apologies for inviting you to dinner so late.

I had to finish the nine o'clock news first.

No worries. I'm used to staying up late.

So, what is it?

Your question is hard to answer.

Your boyfriend seems very busy.

Do you still meet him?

This awful woman!

She said that even though she knew she could meet Light while I couldn't.

She is so mean.

Speaking of seeing him, he is really affectionate.

He clings onto me when he comes home every night, it's so exhausting.

I see. You are very sweet to each other.

I'm glad.

Right, let me tell you in advance.

I will announce our engagement in the singing contest.

Does he know about this?

Of course!

How can I be engaged on my own?

We got engaged a month ago.

Don't you think people will love it if I announce that in Singing Contest?

Indeed.

I hope that will come true.

What do you mean?

Are you trying to stop me by using your authority as a host?

Or perhaps are you going to ask Kira to k*ll me?

Why would I do that?

Kira decides whom to be punished on his own.

I have nothing to do with it.

I see you as a good friend.

Please do not say that.

No matter how bad people are, I have no intention of k*lling anyone.

Whatever.

Even though I used to like Kira, he will be caught by Light soon.

You will be in trouble too then.

You too will be sentenced to death.

Ms. Takada.

Are you okay?

Listen, Kiyomi.

I am Kira.

From now on, be together with me and become the goddess of the new world.

Ms. Amane.

What?

That was unpleasant.

Indeed, so are you.

I should have waited to have dinner with you when you are older and have learned basic etiquette first.

I am older than you, little Kiyomi.

Aren't you more immature for leaving after such small issue?

Mr. Mogi.

You must have waited long. How are you doing?

Are you okay?

Of course I am! I won!

You won?

I won so easily.

Regarding Ms. Takada and Ms. Amane's conversation tonight, they were talking about Light.

They were arguing over who Light's girlfriend is.

Near.

From this, we can tell that Light Yagami is popular.

Both Kiyomi and Misa are his love captives.

Near, please be serious.

It's a problem if they seriously like him.

They do not betray easily.

No, they will be controlled by him entirely.

Please stop.

Come on, miss.

You are wearing such a short skirt in this cold weather.

You are seducing me, aren't you?

Someone, help me!

Cell phone?

Teru took out the notebook.

Eradicate.

He is writing. Could that be...

Teru got off the train.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW Teru is talking to himself.

He is responding to the shredded papers on the floor.

He is in the gym.

He entered the locker room.

I've unlocked the suitcase.

I'm touching the notebook.