From the conversation between Kira and the investigation headquarters in Japan, I think Kira is associated with the investigation headquarters.

-Associated? -Then the real identity of Kira would be the successor of L.

Everyone in the investigation headquarters.

Have you ever considered the possibility of Kira being L's successor?

Near.

I must k*ll you.

Bad news!

Hitoshi from the television company...

I am Hitoshi Demegawa.

I've finally found the center of the evil organization that is against Master Kira.

My comrades and I are already surrounding them.

To those who support Kira, do not enter all at once.

Otherwise, the criminals might escape during the chaos.

Please follow my instructions as a spokesperson for Kira.

By actually chasing after those people and exposing them on the television.

They are the sacrifice for Kira.

I will not let you escape.

Near.

You should escape the place first.

You are bold to suggest that. You are Kira after all.

Why are you saying this?

Many other organizations are after Kira too.

We are att*cked right after I suspected you to be Kira.

What a coincidence!

Near.

Near, you've misunderstood a lot of things.

Everyone in the investigation headquarters.

Kira must be someone among you.

Please think about it.

Light is Kira.

This aroused my suspicion even more.

L suspected Light too.

First team of 20 people, att*ck towards the entrance!

Second team, standby.

Get out, you idiot!

We are the first team.

What are you talking about? We are the first team!

Near, we have to escape now.

What a group of idiots.

I am not surprised that Kira has supporters.

Since they actually believe that Kira will punish all those bad people for them.

They are completely different from them who are here to create chaos.

These people are hopeless.

They are only here for fun.

They are very selfish.

I understand this.

But we should escape now.

Use the legacy from L and the anti-Kira team we hired.

But we can only carry that plan once.

We should do it.

Everything has been prepared.

This would be interesting.

Do not stop.

Go ahead. Go quickly.

It hurts!

Money!

It is money!

It is money!

Money?

So much money!

It is unbelievable!

If only I was there.

-Touta. -Well, humans are interesting.

But money can be used to buy apples. So, I kind of understand.

Hey, I got these first.

-That is crap. -Get out!

Near, is this how you plan to escape?

He should be seen on Hitoshi's camera.

Hey, go to the floor where the money came from.

What is Hitoshi doing? Love and peace can't be bought!

A huge amount of American dollars fell from the sky.

Riot Police Unit is here.

Riot Police Unit team?

The Riot Police Unit was deployed.

This is bad.

Let's go.

Now we can leave the building safely.

The police has to be deployed because of the riot.

Crap! So that was your plan?

They will dress up as the Riot Police Unit to escape.

If I ask Mr. Aizawa to monitor that unit, I might as well admit that I'm Kira.

Riot Police Unit are coming out of the building.

Which one?

He should be one of them.

Which one?

Darn it!

How much money was there?

Touta.

It was approximately $100 million.

How many apples can I buy with that?

Near.

Near?

I am Near.

I'm calling to let you know that we've reestablished a secure connection.

Near, are you safe?

Everyone in the investigation headquarters.

I guess you are already quite certain about the identity of Kira now.

The timing of the att*ck was too convenient.

If there is still nobody who's suspicious against the new L, a kid in kindergarten is better than you.

The number I gave you the last time still works.

Call me anytime.

I'll be waiting.

He is so confident.

Near is such a dominating character.

Everyone.

Go and assist Near if you want to.

I can't do anything after all that has happened.

We are the Kira Investigation Unit.

We have to be on the same page to make things work.

Near is just messing around.

Thinking of Deputy Director Yagami makes me reluctant to have suspicions on Light.

However...

Dad?

Welcome home. So you're back today.

Yes. Why are you still up?

The examination is coming soon.

I see.

Please do not be too hard on yourself.

All right. You too, Dad.

It won't be a surprise if someone decides to call Near.

The problem comes after that.

If I take my time with this, it will be too late.

I have to take the first move.

Hey, that's an emergency instruction from Light.

Let me see. Number three.

Really?

Hey, I am Near.

I am Yumi Aizawa from Japan's headquarters.

The time is finally here.

This is for my safety so I can become a normal wife like everybody else.

This is what Light hopes for. A woman's true happiness.

Light, thank you.

I see. This is fascinating.

Being held custody for over 51 days, two people have been removed from the list of suspects due to the 13-day rule.

This still does not prove that they are Kira.

-So, L was the one who released them? -No.

L made the person in charge, Captain Yagami, set up a scene.

He was told to let them know that they've been found guilty of being Kira and that they are being taken to be ex*cuted.

On the way there, he pointed a g*n to the suspects.

He said he would first k*ll Kira and then himself.

The idea was that if the suspects were Kira, they'd try to k*ll him first.

That was L's assumption.

Kira is definitely smart.

He used detainment to prove his innocence.

May I know if the suspects actually volunteered to be detained?

Actually, Light did offer himself to be detained.

If he did, then is it settled.

So, who are they? Who were the suspects?

I can't say anything else.

I am a member of the investigation headquarters.

I report to L.

I understand.

Thank you for sharing with me this useful information.

Especially about Shinigami's eyes that allow you to see people's names.

It was helpful. Bye.

Near, is this a good idea?

Shouldn't you investigate more?

It is good enough for now.

Plus, I already have the important detail.

The suspect is Captain Yagami's son.

There can only be one possibility.

"I will k*ll myself after I k*ll Kira."

Only a father would say something like that.

Therefore, the successor of L and the one that I believe to be Kira is Light Yagami.

Light.

Yes?

I have something to tell you.

I contacted Near.

Don't worry about it.

I encouraged you guys to do so at the first place.

What did you talk about then?

Wait, I better not ask.

It must be strange for me to ask such question.

I wanted to make sure that you are not Kira.

I apologize that we have to go through this all over again.

I would like to put you under surveillance until we catch Kira.

Misa Amane too. I am sorry.

I shall inspect your room.


Perhaps the notebook is with Misa.

Mr. Aizawa, wait a minute.

No worries, go ahead.

This can prove to everyone that I haven't been contacting Misa secretly.

Kanzou.

I want to know the truth too.

It would be best if Light wasn't Kira.

However, if there is anything that links Misa to Kira, then...

Hey, Shuuichi and Kanzou!

It's been a while since we last met.

Light has not been home since he has been investigating Kira.

I've been so bored.

There is no way to hide the notebook in this outfit.

We are informed that a b*mb was installed in L's residence.

I don't think it's real, but we better do an inspection.

What? Light is fine, isn't he?

-I must give him a call. -You can't call him.

Why?

Light will be fine.

He has an emergency that he has to handle in person.

That's why he sent us here.

That makes sense. Light loves me so much.

He will be worried if he hears my voice.

Investigate as much as you want, Mr. Aizawa.

You won't find the notebook.

I hope their suspicion wouldn't ruin the vibe around here.

This is not a social club after all.

Let Kanzou and Shuuichi do what they need to do.

Hey, it's time for Kira's Kingdom.

KIRA'S KINGDOM Greetings to Kira's supporters.

I am the spokesperson of Master Kira, Hitoshi Demegawa.

Please take a look at the construction of Kira's Kingdom that was named after this show.

The construction is going smoothly because of everyone's support.

Once it is completed, we can welcome Master Kira here.

That is so cheap and cheesy.

Was everything fine after all?

Yes. It was definitely a false alarm.

Just to be safe, one of us will stay to ensure everything is normal.

Okay, thank you.

Kanzou, return to headquarters.

I will stay here.

Kanzou is not staying, but Shuuichi is?

Do you not trust me?

It's not that.

You just don't have a cute hair like Kanzou.

-Kanzou. -I am sorry.

Why don't you stay?

Please donate one million yen to help finish building Kira's Kingdom.

Please support us.

-It sounds like a scam. -Master Kira...

Yes. It's no different than a fraud organization.

This does not look like something Kira would do.

How dare you, Hitoshi.

This will only drive people away.

I no longer need Hitoshi.

However...

You are back.

We didn't find the notebook in your room or Misa's.

-But... -I understand.

You can continue to monitor Misa and I as long as it takes.

Now, let me introduce the committee of Kira's Kingdom.

The first person is...

Eradicate.

We are with Master Kira.

Eradicate.

Eradicate.

Eradicate.

Help me!

Eradicate.

PLEASE WAIT A MOMENT, CONNECTING TO SAKURA TV CHANNEL What is going on?

Why did Kira k*ll his own supporters?

Perhaps they stepped over the line, so he wanted to stop them.

Perhaps.

That was too cruel though.

What happened?

Neither Misa Amane nor Light had time to use the notebook.

Teru. This is definitely working.

I've made the right move.

Even without my instruction, he was able to understand Kira's thoughts and ideology.

What he needs and does not need and make them a reality.

I made Misa give up the ownership of the notebook.

So, she has lost any memory on the notebook.

Then I asked her to send it to another person.

Now she is just someone who does not know anything.

The problem is the next owner.

The man who shows his admiration towards Kira during the broadcast.

Just by receiving the notebook, he knew that he was chosen.

MALE, 27 YEARS OLD

OCCUPATION, PROSECUTOR I've made the right choice.

Teru Mikami.

BIRTH DATE, YEAR 1982 He is the best candidate to be Kira's assistant.

Shinigami, here you are.

Now I can give death penalties to all these evildoers.

What do you think about Kira?

He is a god.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW You are the woman who's getting the world's attention.

Meeting you again is destiny.

Let's just meet and chat.

Let's find a place for just the two of us.
