I will announce our engagement in the singing contest.

Even though I used to like Kira, he will be caught by Light soon.

You too will be sentenced to death.

Please send me a fan letter that I can tell it is from you.

Inside it, place five blank pages from Death Note.

Before I receive them, continue the punishment as you have been doing.

What about after you receive them?

Make a fake Death Note that looks exactly like the real one and pretend to use it to conduct punishments.

Come on, miss.

You are wearing such a short skirt in this cold weather.

Someone, help me!

Eradicate.

Teru got off the train.

A guy who was harassing a girl just d*ed.

He was sitting in the same cabin with Teru.

It happened just a few seconds after he wrote in the notebook.

That means...

-It has been confirmed. -Right.

X-Kira, Teru We have to get close to Teru by all means and pay attention to one thing, the existence of Shinigamis.

If the Shinigami notices that he is being tracked, he may tell Teru about it.

Only people who have touched the notebook can see Shinigami though.

Looking for someone who we can't see is very difficult.

We will have to do it even though it is difficult.

I understand.

Today, Light will be meeting Ms. Takada in this room again.

Not long after their secret meeting, Ms. Takada started receiving calls from Kira.

Even the surveillance camera was removed.

I think they had a conversation using pen and paper.

There is no problem.

Apart from my audio monitoring device, there is nothing in this room.

That leaves only the bathroom.

Why is Light so sensitive about the camera and monitoring device?

Wait.

Why would Kira allow them to meet each other in the first place?

I think something is not right.

If they really had a conversation using a pen and paper, then I should...

Light, yesterday, I talked with Ms. Amane for a while.

-What did you talk about? -Light is getting into trouble!

Touta, are you that happy?

Ms. Amane said, she will announce your engagement on the day of the singing contest.

Who is Ms. Amane to you?

He's in trouble! Huge trouble!

You are noisy, Touta!

No.

It is very hard to be straightforward with her.

I no longer love her.

Misa is causing trouble again.

No, Kiyomi is the same.

I can't understand women!

You no longer love her?

Really?

Before T, it was her who conducted the punishment.

She got Kira's power without me knowing.

She then found out I am Kira. I had no choice.

Otherwise, I would not have chosen such a reckless woman.

Ms. Amane was Kira's assistant once, but now it's me.

I am different from Ms. Amane.

I was chosen by Light.

Ms. Takada, please believe me.

I only love you now.

You only love me now?

You don't sound like yourself at all.

This kind of cheesy pickup line...

It really doesn't sound like something Light would say. This is unbelievable.

-Does he love Misa or Kiyomi? -How many women have you said this to?

This is cheating.

Cheating?

Do you think you will be able to forgive that?

I would definitely not!

Keep quiet, you two!

Although I shall need to wait and see, I trust you.

However, if you lie to me, you will end up being miserable.

I shall tell Kira for sure.

Kira.

Although I know this world needs Kira, I have been thinking recently.

If I can be with you one day.

To some extent, I hate the fact that Kira chose you to be the assistant.

Even though k*lling bad people is a good thing to do, we are not bad people.

We have every right to be happy.

"In order to live a quiet and happy life,"

Read this out loud.

"Kira can't exist."

That's right. It would be nice if there is no Kira.

If only Kira can be arrested.

"If only Kira can be arrested."

Indeed.

For the sake of our happiness, Kira has to be caught.

Ms. Takada, -are you serious? -Yes.

It will require your assistance and it will be dangerous.

I'll have to go against the police force.

You and Kira will go against the entire world.

Even so, are you still willing to do it?

What a long pause.

I am.

"If we can live a happy life with my help..."

The crisis has been resolved!

Light is really good.

From being suspected of cheating to getting Kiyomi to work with him.

Teru is talking to himself.

Talking to himself?

Yes.

We are too far from him, so I can't hear his voice.

I took a video of his lip movement though.

It was taken in Teru's office during lunch break.

Here.

-It looks like he's saying something. -Please replay it in slow motion.

"Is it Shinigami?"

Is that what he said?

He seems to be reacting to the crumpled paper on the ground.

He is sighing now.

Starting from here, his sentence became longer.

I'll play a close-up of his lips.

"Since that Shinigami has given me the notebook, he never showed up again."

Since that Shinigami has given me the notebook, he never showed up again.

A Shinigami gave Teru the notebook and never showed up ever again.

I see.

Goodbye, Light. See you soon.

Okay.

It is finally over.

They were all over each other.

It was actually exhausting to monitor them for hours.

You have been smiling the whole time though.

I'll check out from the hotel then.

Thank you for your hard work!

It is really hard.

Mr. Aizawa is responsible for both checking in and out of the hotel.

No.

The nail mark...

Two of the four memo packs don't have nail marks.

The room is still the same.

People from the hotel did not enter.

So why did the memo packs get changed to brand new ones?

They had a conversation using pen and paper.

Hello.

What?

You want to talk to Near in person?

Mr. Aizawa, it has been a long time.

Nice to meet you for the first time.

Blindfolding me does not count as meeting you for the first time.

He does not have any w*apon or camera.

Then you can take off the blindfold.

Near.

I trust you.

L and Kiyomi meet each other almost every night.

I know.

Did you know this then?

I am very sure they have conversations using pen and paper.

Mr. Aizawa, please do not be too curious.

Too curious?

Yes.

Now is not the time to prove if he is Kira.

In order to stop Kira, I will have to completely defeat Kira.

Mr. Aizawa, I'll be very straight with you.

You are all outsiders now.

However, if you still want to arrest Kira, continue with what you have been doing.

Keep on monitoring him.

Just continue to monitor him?

Correct.

Monitoring L will still be useful.

Moreover, this is also part of my plan.

I hope you can help me in this way.

This is for defeating Kira.

Please keep a close eye on Kira's ending.

NHN HALL For me, this remarkably growing year has almost come to an end.

The Global Singing Contest will be hosted by me, Kiyomi Takada.

Thank you for your support.

The singing contest is about to begin.

Touta, how is the report going about the punishment and the victim's identity?

That will have to wait until our Misa-Misa shows up.

What are you doing?

We are the special investigation unit.

Please come with us.

We have to apologize to our audience.

With much regret, the first performer for this year, Ms. Misa Amane, still has not entered the venue yet.


However...

What is going on?

I did not hear anything from Kanzou.

Bring me back to NHN!

Otherwise, everyone will call me the queen of no show!

Misa-Misa, please behave.

Kanzou, why?

This is for arresting Kira.

What has that got to do with me?

The worst-case scenario was supposed to be pointing a g*n at you, but you did not resist.

Thank you very much, Mr. Mogi.

I would have resisted if I did not hear what Mr. Aizawa said.

However, after hearing about the memo packs, this has become...

What is going on?

-Near. -L, what's up?

Kanzou and Misa are missing.

That is right, because we have restrained them.

What?

Why did you do that?

This is to play safe.

Near.

Kidnapping is a crime.

Please stop immediately!

Mr. Mogi and Ms. Amane were willing to cooperate.

If you do not believe me, you shall speak with them.

Mr. Mogi, Ms. Amane.

This is L.

Light.

You seem to have been put under house arrest.

He said you both agreed to it. Is it true?

Correct.

Kanzou.

I did say no, but Kanzou asked me to behave.

Otherwise, everyone will be k*lled.

I see.

If you two both accepted it, that's fine.

Misa, who might have been the second Kira before, can be eliminated for now.

Light Yagami.

You have to understand my intention of doing this.

Are you kidding me?

Is it already over without Misa-Misa?

-Right. -Ask Misa-Misa to come here!

Lidner's team seems to be doing pretty well.

It is already nine o'clock.

Okay, it is time for me to do something.

Although Teru's time to go to and get back from work can vary, he lives a very regular life.

So he goes to this gym at nine o'clock from Monday to Thursday every week?

Yes.

Since he became a member four years ago, he has always been here at the same time.

Even on New Year's Day.

I became a member too.

I have clarified this.

I would assume that he will be there this Monday on the 31st.

Right, if he's there even on New Year's Day, then he should be there on New Year's Eve.

Gevanni.

On the 31st, can you go to the gym and touch that notebook?

Yes, I can.

I've already checked the hotel's security system.

There was no surveillance camera in the changing room.

Please.

If I see a Shinigami attached to that, there's a possibility for me to be k*lled, right?

Indeed.

This is exactly why we asked you to do this.

Even if you can't see a Shinigami after touching the notebook, it will take some time to know for sure if there is a Shinigami attached to the note.

If you are afraid, I shall pass this to Mr. Rester.

I understand. I'll try.

If a Shinigami is attached to it...

No, if there was, he would have already appeared.

I have to touch it to find out.

I have successfully touched the notebook.

I am not able to confirm the existence of a Shinigami yet though.

Commander Rester, please let me speak with Mr. Mogi.

Mr. Mogi, how long can the notebook control someone's behavior according to the rules of the notebook?

According to the data of the experiment by Yotsuba Group, it's 23 days before the person dies.

-Are you sure about that? -Yes.

The m*rder at Yotsuba Group proved this.

Thank you for your cooperation.

This can be a possibility.

Assuming that Gevanni is already being controlled to say that he did not see a Shinigami, then I should confront L 24 days from now.

If Gevanni is still alive until then.

THIRD OF JANUARY Ms. Takada, you must've worked very hard for this singing contest.

Indeed. I can't believe Ms. Amane would suddenly disappear.

Ask T to let you know when everything has been confirmed.

Once he has contacted you, you can call or text me this, "I really wish I can meet you soon."

SIXTH OF JANUARY

Take photos?

Yes.

I would like to see how he uses the notebook.

The content does not seem to have any pattern.

I wonder if he has any habit.

What is this notebook like.

I want to observe this notebook thoroughly with my own eyes.

Near, how is it?

Right. Gevanni has done a very good job.

The writing looks exactly like Teru's when he worked as a prosecutor.

There's no doubt that this was written by Teru.

There should be no problems.

TO BE CONTINUED

PREVIEW The escort has been att*cked?

Ms. Takada, are you okay?

Is it Near again?

No.

Instead of Near, this is more like Mello's style.